" being at the polls was just like being at church.
" but I believe if people were better informed on this question, most of them would oppose it also.
" everything went real smooth", the sheriff said.
" if you destroy confidence in banks, you do something to the economy", he said.
" there was n't a bit of trouble".
" this was the coolest, calmest election I ever saw", Colquitt Policeman Tom Williams said.
" we 're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' con ' on horse race betting", said Ratcliff.
" you take out of circulation many millions of dollars".
#@# { DALLAS MAY GET } to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps& V& E& ( Red ) Berry and Joe Ratcliff.
#@# { THE HOUSE } passed finally, and sent to the Senate, a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities.
#@# { THE SENATE } quickly whipped through its meager fare of House bills approved by committees, passing the three on the calendar.
#@# { TWO TAX REVISION } bills were passed.
#@# { WITHOUT DISSENT }, senators passed a bill by Sen& A& R& Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district.
Barber, who is in his 13th year as a legislator, said there" are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed".
Cox argued that the bill is" probably unconstitutional" since, he said, it would impair contracts.
Daniel personally led the fight for the measure, which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures, in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation.
Daniel termed" extremely conservative" his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug& 31.
Davis received 1,119 votes in Saturday's election, and Bush got 402.
Dewey Lawrence, a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association, sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers.
I 'm willing to stake my political career on it".
I did n't smell a drop of liquor, and we did n't have a bit of trouble".
Pelham pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature sessions.
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Committee approval of Gov& Price Daniel 's" abandoned property" act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers.
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen& George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties.
_COLQUITT_- After a long, hot controversy, Miller County has a new school superintendent, elected, as a policeman put it, in the" coolest election I ever saw in this county".
a House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report, although the resolution faces hard sledding later.
a veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education, something it has consistently opposed in the past.
another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District.
as of Sunday night, there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action.
but he added that none of Georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution.
but questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it.
during the election campaign, both candidates, Davis and Bush, reportedly received anonymous telephone calls.
he also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing, since the bill was introduced only last Monday.
he told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books" since Texas was a republic".
his contention was denied by several bankers, including Scott Hudson of Sherman, Gaynor B& Jones of Houston, J& B& Brady of Harlingen and Howard Cox of Austin.
instead, retailers would sign a certificate of correctness, violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison, plus a $1,000 fine.
it permits the state to take over bank accounts, stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more.
it says that" in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds", the State Board of Education should be directed to" give priority" to teacher pay raises.
it was marked by controversy, anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence.
it was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League.
it would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population, require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools, permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here.
many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls, and Williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election.
money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site.
one validated acts of school districts.
one, by Sen& Louis Crump of San Saba, would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized.
operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas, Harris, Bexar, Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500, which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed, Parkhouse told the Senate.
ordinary Carey Williams, armed with a pistol, stood by at the polls to insure order.
ordinary Williams said he, too, was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election.
rep& Berry, an ex-gambler from San Antonio, got elected on his advocacy of betting on the ponies.
rep& Charles E& Hughes of Sherman, sponsor of the bill, said a failure to enact it would amount" to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks, insurance and pipeline companies".
rep& Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to" endorse increased federal support for public education, provided that such funds be received and expended" as state funds.
sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise.
the TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County, saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school.
the bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state.
the bill, which Daniel said he drafted personally, would force banks, insurance firms, pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer.
the campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however.
the escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property, Daniel declared.
the former county school superintendent, George P& Callan, shot himself to death March 18, four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board.
the new school superintendent is Harry Davis, a veteran agriculture teacher, who defeated Felix Bush, a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee.
the resolution, which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday, will be formally read Monday.
the third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital District, for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted.
there was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House.
under committee rules, it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week.
while details are still be to worked out, Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry 's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected.
" actually, the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county, altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court", said Karns, who is a City judge in East St& Louis sitting in Cook County court.
" this is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential needs", he said," and with sufficient ' deductible ' requirements to discourage any malingering or unnecessary overcrowding of our hospitals.
" this is not a program of socialized medicine.
#ASKS RESEARCH FUNDS# The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation.
#CALLS PROPOSAL MODEST# He said his plan is designed to" meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense, but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings- or those of their children- caused by an extended hospital stay".
#CLAIMS PRECEDENT LACKING# After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case, Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed, he would dismiss them.
#CONTRIBUTIONS TO SCHOOLS# The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students.
#COST UP TO $37 A YEAR# It would be financed by boosting the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes.
#FACED SEVEN CASES# Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons.
#ISSUE JURY SUBPENAS# Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation, questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building, but did not take them before the grand jury.
#MORE FOR NURSING HOMES# In the area of" community health services", the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction.
#NURSING HOME CARE# The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems: _1._ Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness, except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days.
#OUTLAYS WOULD INCREASE# Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year, 1963.
#REACTION AS EXPECTED# Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines.
#WOULDN 'T PAY DOCTORS# The plan does not cover doctor bills.
Karns said it was a" wrongful act" for Wexler to take statements" privately and outside of the grand jury room".
Karns said that the cases involved a matter" of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence" of the 50 persons.
Karns' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases.
Mayer Goldberg, attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward, argued this procedure constituted intimidation.
Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with" complementary" miscount of the vote, in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another.
Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning.
_2._ Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital.
_3._ Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient.
_4._ Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness.
_WASHINGTON, FEB& 9_- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs.
a patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a" unit formula" allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit.
apart from the aged care plan the President 's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships, and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools.
both figures would go higher in later years.
contempt proceedings originally had been brought against 677 persons in 133 precincts by Morris J& Wexler, special prosecutor.
every person will choose his own doctor and hospital".
for medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase, from 30 to 50 millions, in matching grants for building research facilities.
he also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute.
he asked for another 10 million dollar" initial" appropriation for" stimulatory grants" to states to improve nursing homes.
he did not say by how much.
he further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals.
he said evidence was obtained" in violation of the legal rights of citizens".
he said this constituted a" very serious misuse" of the Criminal court processes.
in addition, the government would pay a $1,000" cost of education" grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants.
in the child health field, the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau.
in the two other cases he ruled that the state had been" unable to make a case".
it is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed.
it was defeated in Congress last year.
legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan.
moreover, he said, many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can n't afford the schooling costs.
officials estimated the combined programs would cost 5.1 million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966.
other parts of the Kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years.
similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system.
the Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to 6.5 per cent- 3.25 per cent each.
the President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged.
the President recommended federal" matching grants" totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones.
the President said he will also propose increasing, by an unspecified amount, the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine.
the President said his proposals combine the" indispensable elements in a sound health program- people, knowledge, services, facilities, and the means to pay for them".
the President said the nation 's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care.
the President, in a special message to Congress, tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships, build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools, and expand child health care and general medical research.
the aged care plan, similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator, a fight on Capitol hill.
the case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by Karns.
the cases involved judges in the 33d, 24th, and 42d precincts of the 31st ward, the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward, the 18th precinct of the 4th ward, and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward.
the last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov& 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M& Karns, who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence" by unfair and fundamentally illegal means".
the payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan& 1, 1963, if the plan is approved, because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs.
the schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships, based on need, of up to $2,000 a year per student.
the social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent- 3 per cent on each worker and employer- on the first $4,800 of pay per year.
these would be paid for out of general, not payroll, taxes.
they would still be paid by the patient.
two other cases also were under advisement.
" I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings", Mr& Notte said," to obtain the views of the general public and religious, labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws".
#OFFENSES MULTIPLY# The President has also called upon the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts" in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem.
( some SEATO nations disagreed, however.
) there was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally, unlike its more determined neighbors, Thailand and South Viet Nam.
East Providence now has no civil defense program.
East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director, Raymond H& Hawksley, the present city CD head, believes.
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind.
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point.
SEATO was steamed up and prepared contingency plans for coping with the military losses in Laos.
_WASHINGTON_ The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the United States.
a copy was released to the press.
again and again it asked the Communists to" freeze" the military situation in Laos.
along with a director, the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized.
among arrests reported by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959, about half for burglary and larceny involved persons under 18 years of age.
and after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge build-up, administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a" great service" and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization.
but the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate.
but the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos.
governor Notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly.
he declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by" encouraging the removal" of Prince Souvanna.
he expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs.
he is not interested in being named a full-time director.
he will then appoint the study committee with Mr& Nugent's cooperation, the governor said.
he would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area.
his sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases ond juvenile arrests have more than doubled since 1948, each year showing an increase in offenders.
if the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma, whom it felt was too trusting of Communists, it gradually had to relinquish them.
if the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time CD director, Mr& Hawksley said, then he plans to call a meeting early in September so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally.
in an important assertion of national leadership in this field, he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Crime, to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems.
it declares that Sunday sales licenses provide" great revenue" to the local government.
matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios, sirens and rescue trucks, he said.
mr& Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks, similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station.
mr& Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job.
mr& Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack.
mr& Hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council" or anyone else locally" to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time.
mr& Hawksley said.
mr& Hawksley, the state's general treasurer, has been a part-time CD director in the city for the last nine years.
mr& Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant.
noting that President Kennedy has handed the Defense Department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program, Mr& Hawksley said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director.
one advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director, he said, is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program.
one factor was the statement of Senator J& W& Fulbright ( D ) of Arkansas, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
one of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid.
one of these men is former Fire Chief John A& Laughlin, he said.
other steps would be developed after information drifts down to the local level from the federal government.
should there be evidence they are shirking, he has said, the state police will step into the situation.
simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of David L& Hackett, a special assistant ot the Attorney General, as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime.
speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city, Mr& Hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack.
such vital information, he said, has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know.
the Central Falls City Council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on Sunday.
the Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point, he said, and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would be another.
the President asks the support and cooperation of Congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in combating this disturbing crime trend.
the President is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the" vitality of the nation".
the administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
the attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws.
the council advised the governor that" large supermarkets, factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business" on Sunday.
the governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time" with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday sales".
the governor's move into the so-called" blue law" controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R& Grant, deputy city clerk of Central Falls.
the only day they" have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday", the council's resolution said.
the pro-Western government, which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma" neutralist" government, never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army.
the resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the Sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the legislature.
the small shops" must be retained, for they provide essential service to the community", according to the resolution, which added that they" also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors".
the statutes, similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times, severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath.
there certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt.
there has been more activity across the state line in Massachusetts than in Rhode Island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the Sunday sales laws.
they" operate on a volume basis", it was contended," and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community".
while the city council suggested that the Legislative Council might perform the review, Mr& Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with Atty& Gen& J& Joseph Nugent to get" the benefit of his views".
" I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste.
" after the primary", he promised," I 'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong, dynamic administration.
" my experience as public safety commissioner", Roos said," has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience, and preferably one who is a lawyer.
" such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature.
" to prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s".
" we 'll take the truth to the people, and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November".
" we are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr& Mitchell some of the glow of Sen& Case's candidacy of last year.
" we have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr& Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington.
" we must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean", the former Superior Court judge said.
#ATTACKS REPUBLICANS# In his only attack on the Republicans, Hughes said," The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary.
#CONSERVATION PLAN# The plan will provide $45 million for purchase of open land by the state.
#DEFENDS IKE# Earlier, Mitchell said in a statement:" I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J& Hughes.
#SEES JONES AHEAD# Sen& Charles W& Sandman, R-Cape May, said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination.
Hughes said," This is not a plan to conquer space- but to conserve it", pointing out the state population has increased 125,000 each year since 1950.
Hughes supported Gov& Meyner's" Green Acres" plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development.
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved.
I 'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee".
Jim Sheeran fits that description".
Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs& Harriet Copeland Greenfield of 330 Woodland Ave&, Westfield, as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee.
Sandman said:" the announcement that Sen& Clifford Case R-N&J&, has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr& Mitchell is a dead giveaway.
Sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that Jones will be chosen the Republican Party's nominee with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years.
Sandman, state campaign chairman for Jones, was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel, Newark, of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones.
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies.
Sheeran, a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate, Freeholder William MacDonald, for the vacancy left by the resignation of Neil Duffy, now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals.
_BOONTON_- Richard J& Hughes made his Morris County debut in his bid for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a pledge" to carry the issues to every corner of the state".
_TRENTON_- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring- voluntarily- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues.
_TRENTON_- William J& Seidel, state fire warden in the Department of Conservation and Economic Development, has retired after 36 years of service.
a citation from Conservation Commissioner Salvatore A& Bontempo credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state.
a special presentation was made to Mrs& Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank, who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee.
although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful, he added that the vital interest in election results transcended county lines.
but I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years ahead".
but we 'll have a liberal, well planned, forward looking, honest platform.
calling the Democrats the" party that lives, breathes and thinks for the good of the people", Hughes asked," a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November".
county Supervisor Weldon R& Sheets, who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them.
he also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station.
he called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states, and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry.
he introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens.
he is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the Red Cross and State Department of Education.
he promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn:" when I come back here after the November election you 'll think, ' You 're my man- you 're the kind of governor we 're glad we elected '".
he said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to underwrite the program is expected to be introduced Monday.
he said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans.
he said" Morris County is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas, there will be no land left to preserve".
he said," We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just, and not what is expedient at the time".
he said," You can see signs of the Republicans' feeble attack on the Meyner administration.
he urged New Jersey to" become a full partner in the courageous actions of President Kennedy".
his reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history, to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States, and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations.
in October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
it can only rebound to Mr& Hughes' discredit".
it is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems.
mrs& Greenfield is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county committeewoman.
she also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment.
she served one four-year term on the national committee.
sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January, 1964.
sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines, enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge.
that failed.
that, too, will fail".
the candidacy of Mayor James J& Sheeran of West Orange, for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County, was supported today by Edward W& Roos, West Orange public safety commissioner.
the other $15 million is to be alloted to municipalities on a matching fund basis.
the outgoing members, whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election, received carved wooden elephants, complete with ivory tusks, to remember the state committee by.
the proposal, Sheets said, represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more than a" lip service word".
the state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities, real estate or motor vehicles, he said," and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue".
there may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18, but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters.
under his supervision, the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting.
we 'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in Hudson.
" same thing", he said.
#@# Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point.
#@# Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts.
#FORMULA IS DUE THIS WEEK# The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions is expected to receive the report this week.
#MANY BUILDINGS# Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings, plus shrines and monuments.
#SEATS ON SQUARE# Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country 's most valuable records are kept.
#TACTICS STUDIED IN GENEVA# W& Averell Harriman of the United States, Malcolm MacDonald of Britain, Maurice Couve de Murville, France's Foreign Minister, and Howard C& Green, Canada's Minister of External Affairs, concluded, meanwhile, a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference.
#TO DEAL WITH PRINCIPLES# The meetings in Zurich, the statement said, would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government.
India is the most populous United Nations member with more than 400,000,000 inhabitants.
Indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid.
Pennsylvania Avenue, named for one of the original 13 states, perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial standpoint.
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke, who resigned.
Prince Souvanna Phouma, leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc, and Prince Souphanouvong, head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces.
Princess Moune, Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter, read the Princes' statement.
_GENEVA, JUNE 18_- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom.
_MOSCOW, JUNE 18_- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President Sukarno of Indonesia, Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said, beaming:" look, he took everything I had"!
_UNITED NATIONS, N& Y&, JUNE 18_- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations.
_WASHINGTON_- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan& 20.
about 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade.
also the department of justice building is located where J& Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation.
an agreement among the Princes on a coalition government would ease their task, diplomats conceded.
and then, some churchmen remarked, there is a more classical church-state problem: can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state?
appointment of William S& Pfaff Jr&, 41, as promotion manager of The Times-Picayune Publishing Company was announced Saturday by John F& Tims, president of the company.
assuming the weather is halfway decent that day, hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as President John F& Kennedy and retiring President Dwight D& Eisenhower leave Capitol Hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route.
before entering the service, Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans.
but from a historic viewpoint none can approach it.
but no one was overly optimistic.
division one of the parade will be the service academies.
from June, 1942, until December, 1945, Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps.
great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue, now about 169 years old.
he is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school, Fortier High school and Soule business college.
he is married to the former Audrey Knecht and has a daughter, Karol, 13.
in 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries.
in the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time.
in the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade.
in this historic square are several statutes, but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen& Andrew Jackson, hero of the Battle of New Orleans.
many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square, opposite the White House.
moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units.
mr& Khrushchev was jesting in the expansive mood of the successful banker.
no religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes.
of course, 1600 Pennsylvania, the White House, is the most famous address of the free world.
one effect of the proposal, which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength, as in the past, would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India.
r& Sargent Shriver Jr&, director of the corps, is certain that they can.
street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania, powered with lines that are underground.
the Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year, according to Western estimates.
the Princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days.
the Soviet Union and other members of the Communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic, technical and military assistance to the uncommitted nations.
the decision was made in Zurich by Prince Boun Oum, Premier of the pro-Western royal Government;
the hotel owner shrugged.
the jobs formula is understood to follow these lines: _@_ Each of the organization 's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts, such as political affairs officer, a department head or an economist, to start.
the latter two are half-brothers.
the new formula for filling staff positions in the Secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report.
the new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January, 1946, as a commercial artist in the advertising department.
the pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week.
the report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations.
the three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks, which are to last three days.
their joint statement was welcomed by the Western delegations who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the fourteen-nation conference on the future of Laos.
they had a two-hour luncheon together in" an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation", she said.
they reside at 4911 Miles dr&.
they were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
this was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations.
this was the biggest annual outlay since the Communist program for the under-developed countries made its modest beginning in 1954.
while in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville, Ill&.
within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue, begins a series of great federal buildings, some a block long and all about seven-stories high.
" I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated", Berger said.
" certain people must have known about it".
" the PTC is investigating the whole matter", Pratt said.
" we can claim on the maximum amount of the bond", Berger said.
" we want to find out who knew about it", Pratt said.
" we will n't know the full amount until we get a full report", Wagner said.
# 'KNOW ENOUGH TO SUE '# Berger insisted that" we know enough to sue for the full amount".
# 'SHORTCUTS' UNNOTICED# Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co& contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the" legitimate" bids of competing contractors.
#BACKS HIGHER FEES# City Finance Director Richard J& McConnell indorsed the higher fees, which, he said, had been under study for more than a year.
#COMMISSIONER REPLIES# Mrs& Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care.
#CONCERN BANKRUPT# The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries, Inc&, both of 3646 N& 2d st&, filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law.
#FOUR PARKS PLANNED# It is designated as Stage 1 Residential on the Redevelopment Authority's master plan and will feature row houses, garden apartments, four small parks, schools, churches, a shopping center and several small clusters of stores.
#INTERVENES IN CASE# The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms.
#REVENUE ESTIMATED# The city expects the higher rooming house, hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year.
#TESTIFIES AT HEARING# His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses, permits and city services.
#WIDE RANGE IN BIDS# Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint.
#WOULD BAR VEHICLES# The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr& Constantinos A& Doxiadis, former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp&.
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites.
Barnard, who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges, was fined $500 by Judge Warren K& Hess, and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time.
Berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by Wagner in the morning press conference.
Douglas M& Pratt, president of the PTC, who attended the meeting, said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El.
Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels.
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee.
Samuel D& Goodis, representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association, objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees, saying that occupancy rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year.
Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor.
Wagner replied," Ca n't you just see the headline: ' city Hooked for $172,000 '"?
Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company.
a proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer, who formerly raised pedigreed dogs.
at Berger's direction, the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U& S& District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there.
business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by Hemphill and District Attorney James C& Crumlish, Jr&.
but, Hemphill added, bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint.
for hotels with 1000 rooms, the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year, Goodis said.
he reported that the city's contributions for animal care included $67,000 to the Women's S&P&C&A&;
he was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning.
his widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation.
in reply, Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R& Leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees.
managing Director Donald C& Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter }.
on Monday, the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization.
one of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp& to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865.
petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney Julian W& Barnard will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday, it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A& Davenport, counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov& 1 by Barnard's hit-run car.
the City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the Redevelopment Authority for the purchase of land in the $300,000,000 Eastwick Redevelopment Area project.
the Controller's charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday: { the city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract.
the Hughes concern then took" shortcuts" on the project but got paid anyway, Hemphill said.
the Philadelphia Transportation Co& is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project.
the announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor David Berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959.
the bid from A& Belanger and Sons of Cambridge, Mass&, which listed the same officers as Hughes, was $600 per joint.
the city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees, he said.
the city paid for work on 75, of which no more than 21 were repaired, Hemphill charged.
the commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project.
the contract called for overhauling of 102 joints.
the contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track.
the corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co& and the Samuel A& and Henry A& Berger firm, a Philadelphia builder, for work in the project.
the cost of a license now is $2, with an annual renewal fee of $1.
the increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan, spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia, on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses.
the new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner Eugene A& Gillis.
the new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that.
the ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog.
the ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses, hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room.
the petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge William F& Dannehower, Davenport said.
the second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp&, a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders, which is interested in developing part of the project.
the signature of Harold V& Varani, former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property, appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project.
the tract is bounded by Island ave&, Dicks ave&, 61st st&, and Eastwick ave&.
travelers Indemnity Co& and the Continental Casualty Co&.
victim of the accident was Robert Lee Stansbery, 39.
" in 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches", the Rev& Mr& Brandt said, adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons.
" in this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois, where we have 200;
" surveys show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church.
# 'CHURCH MEETS CHANGE '#" The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour".
#CHURCH LOSES PACE# Talking of the rapid population growth ( upwards of 12,000 babies born daily ) with an immigrant entering the United States every 1-1 minutes, he said" our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge".
#HOUSE THROWS WILD# With one down in the eighth, Marv Throneberry drew a walk and stole second as Hyde fanned Tuttle.
#NEW POINT ADDED# Many changes involved minor editing and clarification;
#PROOF LACK CHARGED# Schwab also declared there is no proof of Weinstein 's entering a conspiracy to use the U&S& mails to defraud, to which federal prosecutor A& Lawrence Burbank replied:" it is not necessary that a defendant actually have conpired to use the U&S& mails to defraud as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy, and the mails were then used to carry it out".
#SIEBERN HITS HOMER# Over the first five frames, Jack Fisher, the big righthandler who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant, held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits.
#SUPER AGAIN ELECTED# Friday afternoon the Rev& T& F& Zimmerman was reelected for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God.
- Arranging for ministerial graduates to spend from 6-12 months as apprentices in well-established churches.
- Engaging mature, experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers.
- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen, who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ).
800 in Southern New England, we have 60;
Attorney Dwight L& Schwab, in behalf of defendant Philip Weinstein, argued there is no evidence linking Weinstein to the conspiracy, but Judge Powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide.
Beaverton School District No& 48 board members examined blueprints and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session.
Friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program," Breakthrough" scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years.
Secretary Goldberg and Sen& Morse will hold a joint press conference at the Roosevelt Hotel at 4:30 p&m& Sunday, Blaine Whipple, executive secretary of the Democratic Party of Oregon, reported Tuesday.
Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg will speak Sunday night at the Masonic Temple at a $25-a-plate dinner honoring Sen& Wayne L& Morse, D-Ore&.
U&S& Dist& Judge Charles L& Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial.
_MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH 17_- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision, this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3.
_OAK GROVE ( SPECIAL)_- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates.
a bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January.
a capsule view of proposed plans includes: - Encouraging by every means, all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches.
a stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God, in session at the Memorial Coliseum.
a two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game, and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts.
at the adoption, the Rev& T& F& Zimmerman, general superintendent, commented," The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for fundamentalism in these modern days and has, without compromise, stood for the great truths of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives".
board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov& 15, the same date as a $581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools.
catcher Frank House's throw in an effort to nab Throneberry was wide and in the dirt.
denials were of motions of dismissal, continuance, mistrial, separate trial, acquittal, striking of testimony and directed verdict.
election came on the nominating ballot.
five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary Hugh G& Stout.
he will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the Washington-Oregon football game.
he will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem.
his offices are in Springfield, Mo&.
his schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in Eugene at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club.
however, the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list.
in denying motions for dismissal, Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that" a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are".
in his opening address Wednesday the Rev& Mr& Zimmerman, urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program, with" Breakthrough" the theme for the first two years.
in the afternoon, defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements, some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case.
incumbent Richard Salter seeks re-election and is opposed by Donald Huffman for the five-year term.
incumbent William Brod is opposed in his re-election bid by Barbara Njust, Miles C& Bubenik and Frank Lee.
indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory draought as they coasted along with a 3-to-o advantage.
last week the board, by a 4 to 3 vote, decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system.
on Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of Dean Bryson as Multnomah County Circuit Judge.
other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps& Edith Green and Al Ullman, Labor Commissioner Norman Nilsen and Mayor Terry Schrunk, all Democrats.
polls will be in the water office.
rookie southpaw George Stepanovich relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the A's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick Howser, a wild pitch, and Frank Cipriani's single under Shortstop Jerry Adair's glove into center.
seeking this two-year term are James Culbertson, Dwight M& Steeves, James C& Piersee, W&M& Sexton and Theodore W& Heitschmidt.
the Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion, gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers.
the Rev& R& L& Brandt, national secretary of the home missions department, stressed the need for the first two years' work.
the changes, unanimously adopted, were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible.
the council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible.
the council revised, in an effort to strengthen, the denomination 's 16 basic beliefs adopted in 1966.
the dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p&m&.
the election will be Dec& 4 from 8 a&m& to 8 p&m&.
the first of 16 beliefs of the denomination, now reads:" the scriptures, both Old and New Testament, are verbally inspired of God and are the revelation of God to man, the infallible, authoritative rule of faith and conduct".
the third belief, in six points, emphasizes the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ, and: - emphasizes the Virgin birth - the sinless life of Christ - His miracles - His substitutionary work on the cross - His bodily resurrection from the dead - and His exaltation to the right hand of God.
then Dick Hyde, submarine-ball hurler, entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock.
then Heywood Sullivan, Kansas City catcher, singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run.
this means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life", he told delegates Friday.
to accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods, he said.
to step up the denomination's program, the Rev& Mr& Brandt suggested the vision of 8,000 new Assemblies of God churches in the next 10 years.
we need 100 in Rhode Island, we have none", he said.
" I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school", he said," and made 26 in a row at one time.
" I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on.
" Kelsey is very doubtful for the Rice game", Meek said.
" Nelson played magnificent football", Meek praised.
" as soon as it started to form, Gannon spotted it", Meek said.
" he almost brought it back all the way".
" he just lay back there and waited for it", Meek said.
" he knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times.
" he timed it just right and broke through there before the boy ( halfback Terry Isaacson ) had time to turn around.
" if you kick too much, your leg gets kinda dead", he explained.
" it 's kind of like golf- if you do n't swing a club very often, your timing gets off".
" once you get the feel of it, there 's not much to it.
" so I started practicing on it in spring training.
" this year, coach Royal told me if I 'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me", said Moritz.
" we 're just real happy for the players", Coach Bill Meek said of the 9-7 victory over the Air Force Academy.
@ _FOOTNOTES:_ In their first three games, the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times, or 40 per cent **h their total passing yardage in three games, 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts, is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959, when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries **h.
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons' aerial thrusts in the late stages.
I 've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can n't seem to get the feel.
I never did miss one in a playoff game- I kicked about 20 in the five playoff games my last two years".
Meek expressed particular gratification at the defensive performances of end Happy Nelson and halfback Billy Gannon.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four **h.
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury.
Moritz does n't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he 's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl.
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback, the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team.
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and, as a result, he hopes to start practicing field goals this week.
Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and, as a result, several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough.
Moritz, however, kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session.
Saxton has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game, for four plays: he returned the kickoff 30 yards, gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench **h.
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- A Texas halfback who does n't even know the team's plays, Eldon Moritz, ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games.
_SAN FRANCISCO, MARCH 17 ( AP)_- Bobby Waters of Sylvania, Ga&, relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League, will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here.
a 208-pound, 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford, Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking.
a good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday, but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem: rice University.
although he never gets to play while the clock is running, he gets a big kick- several every Saturday, in fact- out of football.
and he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown.
assistant coach John Cudmore described victory as" a good feeling, I think, on the part of the coaches and the players.
both turned in top jobs for the second straight game.
but ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you 'll get the quick response," place-kicker".
but he was scholastically ineligible in 1959 and merely present last season.
except for sophomore center Mike Kelsey and fullback Mike Rice, Meek expects the squad to be physically sound for Rice.
he broke that boy ( Air Force fullback Nick Arshinkoff ) in two and knocked him loose from the football".
he kicked several while playing at Stamford High School, including one that beat Anson, 3-0, in a 1953 district game.
he missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee, then played 77 minutes in 1956.
he now has 273 yards in 22 tries during three games **h.
he ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State.
he really crucified him **h he nailed it for a yard loss".
he went into the Army in March, 1957, and returned two years later.
his statistical record that year, when Texas won only one game and lost nine, was far from impressive: he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards, punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards.
it did n't;
it was the first time we 've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal )".
last week, when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing, he said:" that will n't last long".
last year, when he worked out at halfback all season, he did n't get into a single game.
one was on a fourth-down screen pass from the Mustang 21 after an incomplete pass into Gannon's territory.
place kicking is largely a matter of timing, Moritz declared.
practice helps you to get your timing down.
she snapped five tenths of a second off the mark set by Helen Shipley, of Wellsley College, in the National A&A&U& meet in Columbus, Ohio.
tailback James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season, when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries;
that's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries.
the Air Force's, and the game's, final play, was a long pass by quarterback Bob McNaughton which Gannon intercepted on his own 44 and returned 22 yards.
the Mustangs do n't play this week.
time stands still every time Moritz, a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran, goes into the field.
waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season.
we needed it and we got it".
while working out in Sylvania a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician._ST& PETERSBURG, FLA&, MARCH 17 ( AP)_- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today.
wingback Jack Collins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he 'll be ready for Oklahoma **h.
" I 've had it", he told a newsman.
" I know when my reflexes are gone and I 'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club".
" I told him who I was and he was quite cold.
#@# { THE DENVER-AREA TV } audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs, thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home.
#@# { THE MODEST AND HAPPY } Spahn waved off his new laurels as one of those good days.
#@# { WILLIE 'S BIG DAY REVIVED } the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle.
#@# {" SPAHNIE DOESN 'T KNOW } how to merely go through the motions", remarked Enos Slaughter, another all-out guy, who played rightfield that day and popped one over the clubhouse.
Al Smith's 340-blast over left in the fourth- his fourth homer of the campaign- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front.
Bobby Lowe of Boston was the first to hit four at home and Gil Hodges turned the trick in Brooklyn's Ebbetts Field }.
Ed Delahanty and Chuck Klein of the Phillies, the Braves' Joe Adcock, Lou Gehrig of the Yankees, Pat Seerey of the White Sox and Rocky Colavito, then with Cleveland, made their history on the road.
Hector Lopez, subbing for Berra, smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth.
I can n't run.
I can n't throw.
I remember his beardown performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct& 14, 1951, before a new record crowd for the period of 18,792.
I told him what Liston had said and he said Liston was a double-crosser and said anything he ( Liston ) got was through a keyhole.
Jensen got only six hits in 46 at-bats for a .130 batting average in the first 12 games.
Jim Landis' 380-foot home run over left in the first inning gave the Sox a 1-0 lead, but Harmon Killebrew came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking Bob Allison aboard.
Johnny Blanchard, Mantle's replacement, slammed a 2-run homer as the Yankees routed loser Joey Jay in a 5-run first inning.
Liston is Bill Liston, baseball writer for the Boston Traveler, who quoted Jensen as saying:" I can n't hit anymore.
Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand.
Willie's lifetime batting average of .318 is 11 points beyond Mickey 's.
_CINCINNATI, OHIO ( AP)_- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati, crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale.
_OGDEN, UTAH, MAY 1- ( AP)_- Boston Red Sox Outfielder Jackie Jensen said Monday night he was through playing baseball.
a double by Green, Allison's run-scoring 2-baser, an infield single by Lemon and Gardner's solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth.
actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy }.
and one of the Milwaukee rookies sighed and remarked," Wish I was 40, and a top-grade big leaguer.
and so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday.
both, of course, were remarkable feats and further embossed the fact that baseball rightfully is the national pastime.
but Jackie had gone into the station.
but he warmed up after a while.
but there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the all-time great lefthanders in the game's history.
he 's mad at the world".
he said he had never talked to Liston".
he took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday, without an official word to anybody, and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to Reno, Nev&, where his wife, former Olympic Diving Champion Zoe Ann Olsen, awaited.
in four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases.
it is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good, especially at the minor league level.
it was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone.
it will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump }.
of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts.
once the figure was 30-30.
she said, when she learned Jackie was heading home:" I 'm just speculating, but I have to think Jack feels he 's hurting Boston's chances".
sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him.
suddenly my reflexes are gone.
the Union Pacific Railroad streamliner, City of San Francisco, stopped in Ogden, Utah, for a few minutes.
the White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits- a triple by Roy Sievers and single by Camilo Carreon- a walk and a sacrifice fly.
the Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
the conductor said to Ritchie:" I do n't think you want to talk to him.
the crowd of 32,589 had only two chances to applaud.
the record books, however, would favor the Giants' ace.
the spectacular Mays, who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25, joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings.
there are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise.
this dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game.
this is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion, depending on whether you 're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee.
this rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers.
this was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout.
this year, I am told, the CBS network will continue to abide by the rule but NBC will play to a conclusion here.
with Mickey Mantle and Yogi Berra both out of action due to injuries, the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers, the most ever used by one team in a series game.
yes, with Bob Grove, Carl Hubbell, Herb Pennock, Art Nehf, Vernon Gomez, et al. { Spahn not only is a superior pitcher but a gentlemanly fine fellow, a ball player's ball player, as they say in the trade }.
you 'll probably get a ball bat on the head.
you would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy.
{ JUST WHEN IT SEEMS baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging }.
{ incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
{ the Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park.
{ the last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the" Living Room Athletic Club" when games were cut off.
" I 'll do as you say, but I 'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling".
" I knew it all along", confessed Arnold with a grin," but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there".
" it is possible that I over-corrected", he said ruefully.
" it was a nice round figure, that 12", he said as he headed for the clubhouse, not too much perturbed.
" nae, man", said Willie," ye must be countin' the echoes".
" no", said the official.
" thirteen", said Long Jim.
" you 're wrong", said Arnold, a man who knows the rules.
" you must play it where it lies".
#GOLF 'S GOLDEN BOY# ARNOLD PALMER has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months.
#NO MARGIN FOR ERROR# On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole, Arnold whipped into his second shot.
#RULING FROM ON HIGH#" I can remove the ball, can n't I"?
#STICKLER FOR RULES#" How many is that, Jim"?
Arnold sent for Joe Dey, the executive secretary of the golf association.
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green, an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains, thereby bringing local rules into force.
Horton Smith of Detroit, a former president of the Professional Golfers Association, will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness.
Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream.
Palmer's dozen were honestly earned.
Pete Rozelle, the league commissioner, pointed out:" we 'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other".
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes, who tried to keep count.
a couple of weeks ago, he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole.
a formula to supply players for the new Minneapolis Vikings and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by National Football League owners at a meeting at the Hotel Warwick today.
a spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy, who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie.
and it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair.
asked Palmer of an official.
asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project.
but after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the boys, a bigger hero than he ever had been before.
but he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot.
each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes.
for a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity, Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings.
from the standpoint of the army of duffers, however, this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open.
he 'll even bull head-on into the rules when he is sure he 's right.
he boomed a 280-yard drive.
he had a 16.
he hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side.
he merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all.
he scored a 4 for the embedded ball, a 3 with the provisional one.
he tried again and once more sliced out of bounds.
he was heralded as" Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated, and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the" Professional Athlete of the Year", a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond- studded Hickok Belt.
he won the Masters, the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money.
his first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway.
however, this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks.
if such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege, there was hope left for all.
if there had been, he would have found a loophole, because Arnold is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book.
it happened on the twelfth hole, a 155-yarder.
it made him human.
it was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold.
nor were there any rules to save him.
other items on the agenda during the meetings, which are expected to continue through Saturday, concern television, rules changes, professional football's hall of fame, players' benefits and constitutional amendments.
so he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke.
so he wound up with a dozen.
that 's how he first won the Masters in 1958.
the ball floated downstream.
the ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
the golfing fathers ruled in his favor.
the idol of the hackers, of course, is Ray Ainsley, who achieved a 19 in the United States Open.
the owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division, plus two games against teams in the other division.
the principal speaker will be Senator Stuart Symington, Democrat of Missouri.
the world's best golfer, shooting below par, came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher.
their secondary hero is another pro, Willie Chisholm, who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock-strewn gully.
then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance.
this knowledge has come in handy, too.
until a few weeks ago, however, Arnold Palmer was some god-like creature who had nothing in common with the duffers.
yet he remains the fiercest of competitors.
" by winning against Bradley, Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams' home courts, they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn's take a super team to do it".
" housed in the new McCormick Place theater, this should prove to be an exciting evening", adds Mrs& Sims.
" this team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future", Benington pointed out.
# 'BACK WITH THE MET' #" We are back with the ' Met ' again now that the ' Met ' is back in Chicago", bulletins Mrs& Frank S& Sims, president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation.
#FOUR FOR ALVIN# Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year.
#HAPPY HITTING# If it 's true that contented cows give more milk, why should n't happy ball players produce more base hits?
#LABOR RELATIONS# Yes, we know, they' re professionals, men paid to play, and they should n't care how they' re handled, just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month.
#PARICHY-HAMM# Because of the recent death of the bride's father, Frederick B& Hamm, the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St& Bernadine's church, Forest Park.
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time.
Birgit Nilsson will be starred.
Bob Burnes, sports editor of the Globe-Democrat, presented Bob Nordmann with his award.
Larry Scherer last night pitched a no-hit game, said to be the first in Billiken baseball history, as the Blue and White beat Southeast Missouri State College, 5-1, at Crystal City.
Mantle, it 's apparent, resented Casey Stengel's attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility.
Mantle, the bull-necked blond switch-hitter, had one sensational triple-crown season, 1959, when he batted .365 and also led the American League in home runs, 52, and RBIs, 130.
Mays and Mantle, both 10-year men at 30, have so much ability that, baseball men agree, they' ve never hit the heights.
ROMANTIC news concerns Mrs& Joan Monroe Armour and F& Lee H& Wendell, who are to be married at 4:30 p& m& tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother, J& Hampton Monroe, and Mrs& Monroe.
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double, Len Boehmer also was 4-for-5 with two doubles and Dave Ritchie had a home run and a triple.
Stengel inherited DiMaggio, Rizzuto, but HE brought up Mantle from Class C to the majors, from Joplin to New York.
Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats.
Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday- four home runs- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark.
a small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel.
also present will be the bride's children, Joan, 13, and Kirkland, 11.
and his brother, Mr& Wendell Jr&, and his wife, who will arrive from Boston.
and that 's meant as a boost, not a knock.
and what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far.
as Hartweger accepted his silver bowl, he said," I want to thank coach's wife for talking him into letting me play".
for that matter, Stan Musial is rare, possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers, reserving his opinions, but not his effort.
her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university, bringing them back here from the east.
his best years were 1954 when he hit .345 with 41 homers and ' 55 when he belted 51 home runs, drove in 127 and stole 24 bases.
in the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs& Walter Monroe;
inheriting a more mature Mantle, who now has seen the sights on and off Broadway, Ralph Houk quietly bestowed, no pun intended, the mantle of authority on Mickey.
like the Yankees' slugger, Mays, the terror of the Giants, has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players, but not by- or for- Willie.
mr& Wendell Jr& will be best man.
mr& Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house.
mrs& Hamm will not come from Vero Beach, Fla&, for the wedding.
mrs& Henry T& Sulcer of Winnetka, a new board member, will be chairman of publicity for the benefit.
next to Leo Durocher, Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month, to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant.
now, apparently happier under new managers, Mays and Mantle, the perfect players, are behaving as though they' re going to pass those previous peaks.
on the clock given him was the inscription," For Outstanding Contribution to Billiken Basketball, 1960-61".
only the families and a dozen close friends will be present.
other lettermen from the team that compiled a 21-9 record and finished as runner-up in the National Invitation Tournament were: art Hambric, Donnell Reid, Bill Nordmann, Dave Harris, Dave Luechtefeld and George Latinovich.
st& Louis U& was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field.
st& Louis University found a way to win a baseball game.
the Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at 3:30 tomorrow and have a doubleheader at Quincy, Ill&, Saturday.
the Major decided that, rather than be led, the slugger could lead.
the New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May, and the board will sponsor the Saturday night, May 13, performance of" Turandot" as a benefit.
the board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry Belafonte-" quite off-beat for this group", decided some of the members.
the bride's brother, Walter D& Monroe Jr&, will give her in marriage.
the bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can n't return.
the bridegroom's parents, the Barrett Wendells, who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota, Fla&, for the occasion;
the game opened a busy week for Washington.
the old man was almost too possessive.
the opinion continues here that with a 162-game schedule, pitching spread thin through a 10-team league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles' Wrigley Field Jr&, Mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books, Babe Ruth 's 60 homers of 1927.
the tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
the truth is, though, that men react differently to different treatment.
the two top talents of the time, Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays, have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which, to be frank about it, never have quite reached expectations.
the victory was the first of the season for the Billikens after nine defeats and a tie.
their father is Charles B& Armour.
their heights, that is.
their mother is Mrs& Camilla Alsop Wendell.
they will take a wedding trip later.
with the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him, Ol' Case wanted No& 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter, but also the best bunter, base-runner and outfielder.
within a week after the injury, suffered in St& Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament, Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington.
young Peter Wendell, a student at the Westminster school, has measles, and his sister, Mrs& Andrew Thomas, and her husband, who live in Missoula, Mont&, have a new baby.
" I 've become the greatest beggar in the world".
" and I bum tickets to everything I can", she said.
" mom" Marr, as the more than 80 men at the center call her, is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society.
" usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he relearns to mingle with his fellow men", Mrs& Marr explained.
## THE JOTTED LYON: this mad world dept&: Khrush and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right.
## {" La Dolce Vita", the dynamite Italian flicker, opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov& 2.
#BACK TO W& COAST# { Mrs& McIntosh Buell } will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara, Calif&, after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home.
#COCKTAIL PARTY# { Mr& and Mrs& Piero de Luise } will honor Italian { Consul and Mrs& Emilio Bassi } at a cocktail party Tuesday, May 2, from 6 to 8 p&m& in their home.
#FASHION SHOW# The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by { Mrs& D& W& Moore }, chairman.
**h A cheer here for Francis Lorenz, state treasurer, who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association, for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies.
**h Actually Johnny is a glib, garrulous guy, with a rare sense of humor.
**h And Bernie Kriss calls the bayonet clashes at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate," The Battle of the Sentry"!
**h Best Bet for Tonight: that darlin' dazzler from Paree, Genevieve, opening in the Empire room.
**h Bill Veeck's health is back to the dynamo stage, but his medics insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim.
**h Dave Trager, who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers, is debuting a new International club, for the exclusive use of season ticket holders, in the Stock Yards Inn.
**h Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance, the Twist.
**h More: on the free world side.
**h Nobody 's mentioned it, but when ol' Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets, he 'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs, past and present: Yankees, Dodgers, Giants, and now the Mets.
Albert John Luthuli, awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles, has to get permission to fly to collect his honor.
William keeps up with our town's doings daily, via the Tribune, and he tells me he never misses the Ticker.
a cheery smile, a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach.
after being closed for seven months, the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday, June 3.
beginning July 4, there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season.
cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p&m&, with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following.
everywhere he went in town, people sidled up, gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel.
grandparents are { Mr& and Mrs& R&L& Rickenbaugh } and { Mr& and Mrs& E&O& Kelsey } of Scarsdale, N&Y&.
grandparents are { Mr& and Mrs& Robert L& Chase } and { Mr& and Mrs& Guy Mullenax } of Kittredge.
guests were juniors in the public high schools.
he kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
her day starts early, but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May, which is National Salvation Army Week, there are plenty ), schedules to be made or problems to be solved, Mrs& Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out.
her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director.
hmpf **h But on to the frothier side **h Johnny Weissmuller, the only real Tarzan, telephoned Maureen O 'Sullivan, his first" Jane" [ now at Drury Lane, and muttered," Me Tarzan, this Jane"?
it will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House.
jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St& Louis in their season home opener.
members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites, each with its own private patio.
members of the committee include { Mrs& Milton Bernet, Mrs& J& Clinton Bowman, Mrs& Rollie W& Bradford, Mrs& Samuel Butler Jr&, Mrs& Donald Carr Campbell, Mrs& Douglas Carruthers, Mrs& John C& Davis 3,, Mrs& Cris Dobbins, Mrs& William E& Glass, Mrs& Alfred Hicks 2,, Mrs& Donald Magarrell, Mrs& Willett Moore, Mrs& Myron Neusteter, Mrs& Richard Gibson Smith, Mrs& James S& Sudier 2, } and { Mrs& Thomas Welborn }.
mrs& Chase is the former { Miss Mary Mullenax }.
mrs& Kelsey is the former { Miss Ann Rickenbaugh }.
music for dancing will be furnished by { Allen Uhles } and his orchestra, who will play each Saturday during June.
my idea of masterful movie making.
she sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures.
snapped Maureen," Me Jane"!
that's our boy Bill.
the Bassis are leaving soon for their new post.
the Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center.
the event, staged yearly by Neusteters, will be held in the Opera House Wednesday, Aug& 16.
the first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
the job also covers a number of other items.
the pert, gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo, N&Y&, is a" civilian" with the Army.
there will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season.
they' ll start lessons, too, pronto.
they' re contaminating the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still do n't know about it!
those qualities make { Esther Marr } a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer st&.
{ Gene Marshall }, genial manager of the club, has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday, June 1.
{ IN ADDITION } to the tickets to the movies, sporting events and concerts, Mrs& Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system.
{ MRS& MARR } is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up.
{ Miss Betsy Parker } was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg&.
{ brig& Gen& and Mrs& Robert F& McDermott } will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday, May 3, in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy.
{ mr& and Mrs& Andrew S& Kelsey } of Washington, D&C&, announce the birth of a daughter, { Kira Ann Kelsey }, on Monday in Washington, D&C&.
{ mr& and Mrs& Jerry Chase } announce the birth of a daughter, { Sheila }, on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital.
{ mr& and Mrs& Merrill Shoup } have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel.
{ mrs& J& Edward Hackstaff } and { Mrs& Paul Luette } are planning a luncheon next week in honor of { Mrs& J& Clinton Bowman }, who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday.
{ mrs& John C& Vroman Jr}& of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment.
{ mrs& Roger Mead } is head of the luncheon table decorations { Mrs& Stanley Wright } is ticket chairman and { Mrs& Theodore Pate } is in charge of publicity.
" but there never is any need.
" meet the Artist" is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9.
" we worry", say the mothers.
#BUNDLE CENTERS# For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event.
#IT' S BIG BUSINESS#" Big business, this little Thrift Shop business", say the members.
#NOTED ARTIST# Mrs& Monte Tyson, chairman, says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale.
#OTHERS ASSISTING# Mrs& Jerome Blum and Mrs& Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year.
#SCENIC EFFECTS# Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects.
I know they will be good.
Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that, among other jobs, takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours.
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
a preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8.
also Mrs& Berton Korman, Mrs& Morton Rosen, Mrs& Jacques Zinman, Mrs& Evelyn Rosen, Mrs& Henry Schultz, Mr& and Mrs& I& S& Kamens, Mrs& Jack Langsdorf, Mrs& Leonard Liss, Mrs& Gordon Blumberg, Mrs& Oscar Bregman, Mrs& Alfred Kershbaum and Mrs& Edward Sabol.
among them will be Marc Shoettle, Ben Shahn, Nicholas Marsicano, Alfred Van Loen and Milton Avery.
assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs& Alvin Blum, Mrs& Leonard Malmud, Mrs& Edward Fernberger, Mrs& Robert Cushman.
besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party.
but we have lots of other New Orleans specialties.
col& Clifton Lisle, of Chester Springs, who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades, is now an honorary member.
dr& and Mrs& N& Volney Ludwick have had as guests Mr& and Mrs& John J& Evans, Jr&, of" Kimbolton House", Rockhall, Md&.
each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year.
for most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction.
in addition to the bundles, guests pay the cost of their dinners.
in addition, Mr& and Mrs& Allan Goodman are controllers, Mrs& Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs& Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P& M&.
in the past few years the men, mostly husbands of members, have taken an interest.
it is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no R 's, so no oysters.
it originated with the Wissahickon Section.
members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed.
models will be Mrs& Samuel B& D& Baird, Mrs& William H& Meyle, Jr&, Mrs& Richard W& Hole, Mrs& William F& Harrity, Mrs& Robert O& Spurdle, Mrs& E& H& Kloman, Mrs& Robert W& Wolcott, Jr&, Mrs& Frederick C& Wheeler, Jr&, Mrs& William A Boyd, Mrs F& Vernon Putt.
mr& Ingo Dussa, of Dusseldorf, Germany, and Mr& Bietnar Haaek, of Brelin.
mr& Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize.
mr& and Mrs& Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday by Mr& and Mrs& Frank Coulson, of Fairless Hills.
mr& and Mrs& B& Lewis Kaufnabb, for senior aides, and Mrs& Samuel P& Weinberg, for the bundles.
mr& and Mrs& Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Mary Ann Marella, to Mr& Robert L& Orcutt, son of Mr& and Mrs& Donald R& Orcutt, of Drexel Hill.
mr& and Mrs& Frederick Heinze are entertaining Mr& Walter Lehner, of Vienna;
mr& and Mrs& Harry D& Hoaps, Jr& have returned to their home in Drexel Park, after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla&.
mr& and Mrs& James F& Mitchell, with their daughter, Anne, and son, James, Jr& are spending several weeks in Florida, and will visit in Clearwater.
mr& and Mrs& James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter, Patricia Lynn Janssen, on March 2.
mr& and Mrs& Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr& and Mrs& Thomas Glennon, and their children will spend several days in Brigantine, N& J&.
mrs& A& Voorhees Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home, on Monday.
mrs& Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception;
mrs& Edward App will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday.
mrs& Harry K& Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A& Van Hollander, display director of Gimbel Brothers.
mrs& Harry M& Rose, Jr&, for secretarial duties;
mrs& Joan Lichtenstein, for publicity;
mrs& John Charles Cotty is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs& Francis G& Felske and Mrs& Francis Smythe, of posters.
mrs& Ralph Taussig, for junior aides;
mrs& Richard Newburger is chairman of hostesses.
mrs& Robert O& Spurdle is chairman of the committee, which includes Mrs& James A& Moody, Mrs& Frank C& Wilkinson, Mrs& Ethel Coles, Mrs& Harold G& Lacy, Mrs& Albert W& Terry, Mrs& Henry M& Chance, 2d, Mrs& Robert O& Spurdle, Jr&, Mrs& Harcourt N& Trimble, Jr&, Mrs& John A& Moller, Mrs& Robert Zeising, Mrs& William G& Kilhour, Mrs& Hughes Cauffman, Mrs& John L& Baringer and Mrs& Clyde Newman.
mrs& Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala.
proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science, education and social action on local, national and international levels.
she says," of course I 've had the best.
some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000.
the Thrift Shop, with Mrs& Bernhard S& Blumenthal as president, is one of the city 's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies.
the Troop is proud of its camping-out program- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter.
the boys love it".
the event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women.
the event will be open to the public the following day.
the fashion show, by Natalie Collett will have Mrs& John Newbold as commentator.
the gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and, as all Thrift Shop friends know, that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition, contributions of household equipment, bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St&.
the women's committee of St& David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade, a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 P& M& on Monday, April 17, in the chapel assembly room, Wayne.
there will be masses of flowers, reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans.
they all are of Wayne.
we 've tried them out on the club chef- or say, he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best".
when this and other units combined to form the present group, it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser.
#BARBER SUMMONED# He called Vincent L& Piraro, proprietor of the shop, who summoned police and an ambulance.
#CONVENIENCE HELD KEY#" Convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today.
#FIVE HELD FOR TRIAL# The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow st& police court here at the end of a three day hearing.
#SENT HOME FOR REST# Mr& Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week.
#SIMPKINS FROM SOMERSET# Mr& Simpkins is a resident of Somerset county, and he and the Governor, also a Somerset countian, have been friends since Mr& Simpkins was a child.
#TWO BROTHERS ADOPTED# Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the Dresbachs.
#WERNER CRITICIZED# Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm, Mr& Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here.
#YOUNGER SON CALLS POLICE# Soon after 10 A&M&, when police reached the 1-1 brick home in the Franklin Manor section, 15 miles south of here on the bay, in response to a call from the Dresbach's other son, Lee, 14, they found Mrs& Dresbach's body on the first-floor bedroom floor.
CONSTRUCTION in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product, according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation.
Councilman William D& Schaefer ( D&, Fifth ) said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month.
Gordon A& Lonsdale, 37, a mystery man presumed to be Russian altho he carries a Canadian passport.
MARYLAND contracts for future construction during October totaled $77,389,000, up to 10 per cent compared to October, 1960, F& W& Dodge, Dodge Corporation, reported.
SIXTY-SEVEN living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section.
_ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7 ( SPECIAL)_- The 15-year-old adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife, who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake Bay-front home, has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention.
_ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7_- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L& Simpkins, his administrative assistant, as Maryland's Secretary of State.
_LONDON, FEB& 9_- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine, the Dreadnought, and, by implication, of the entire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet, were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring, secret service agents testified today.
a breakdown of the ten-month total showed: nonresidential at $253,355,000, up 22 per cent;
a full trial was ordered for: two British civil servants, Miss Ethel Gee, 46, and her newly devoted friend, Harry Houghton, 55, and divorced.
admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority, the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas" not be overlooked **h if our small merchants are to survive".
although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments, Leo J& Pantas, vice president of a hardware manufacturing company, pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common: a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house.
and heavy engineering at $102,285,000, down 33 per cent.
and heavy engineering at $9,841,000, down 45 per cent.
dodge reported the following breakdown: nonresidential at $20,447,000, down 28 per cent;
each had been shot in the back several times with a .22-caliber automatic rifle, according to Capt& Elmer Hagner, chief of Anne Arundel detectives.
equipment should be in operation" almost immediately after the first snowfall", Mr& Schaefer said.
five years later, he was awarded the university's degree in law.
from the outset of his first term, he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates.
governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday.
he said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December.
heating is by individual gas-fired, forced warm air systems.
her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said.
in 1961, it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction.
it has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's Nautilus, the world's first atomic submarine.
it is a killer sub- that is, a hunter of enemy subs.
its power unit, however, was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack.
judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail.
mr& Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan, under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them, should be" strictly enforced".
mr& Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958.
mr& Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Thomas B& Finan, earlier named attorney general to succeed C& Ferdinand Sybert, who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals.
now 38, Mr& Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland's College of Agriculture in 1947.
others, which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs, have balconies.
recounting personal observations of clearance work, the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes.
residential at $278,877,000, up 12 per cent;
residential at $47,101,000, up 100 per cent;
residential building consists of houses, apartments, hotels, dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter.
the Circuit Court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in Juvenile Court.
the Councilman, who is the Administration floor leader, also criticized Bernard L& Werner, public works director, for" halting snow operations" on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm.
the Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year.
the cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000, a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year.
the description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio.
the driver admitted he was the Dresbachs' son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station, police said.
the share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments, which began about six years ago, has more than tripled within that span of time.
the structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction.
the vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are" deficiencies" in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible.
the victims were H& Malone Dresbach, 47, and his wife, Shirley, 46.
the younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the shootings and had driven away in their mother's car.
they are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard.
trooper J& A& Grzesiak spotted the wanted car, with three boys, at a Route 2 service station, just outside Annapolis.
trouble-free, long-life, quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960", Pantas predicted.
ultimately the development will comprise 300 units, in two-story and three-story structures.
various of the apartments are of the terrace type, being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct.
what he did, Mr& Werner said, was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest.
while availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction, the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field.
work resumed Wednesday, he said.
" Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort, started largely among the students themselves, because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family, Pohly said.
" I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family.
" all we have left in the world is one another, and we must stay together the way Mother wanted", Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon.
#$135 DONATED# Neighbor women, such as Mrs& Sidney Baker, 2269 Serra, Sterling Township, have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with Kowalski's sister-in-law, Mrs& Anna Kowalski, 22111 David, East Detroit.
#CHARGES IN DOUBT# Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis, who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases, said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl.
#EXPRESSES THANKS# Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday.
#FUNDS FROM DANCES# Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago, and another dance for Fuhrmann 's 770 students this Friday night.
#HELD CANDLE# Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother, because the flat lacked electricity.
#LIVES ON WELFARE# Hengesbach, who has been living on welfare recently, said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia, 27 miles southwest of here.
#LOCKED IN MOTEL# A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p&m& after almost 13-1 hours of deliberation.
#SERVICES TOMORROW# Funeral services for Mrs& Kowalski and her daughter, Christine, 11, who died of burns at the same hospital Monday, have been scheduled for 10 a&m& tomorrow in St& Anne's Catholic Church, 31978 Mound, in Warren.
#STEPSON VINDICATED# The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson, Vincent Hengesbach, 54, who was tried for the same crime in December, 1958, and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict.
#STUDENTS HELP OUT# Houghton said 6 p&m& Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision, which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile road east.
Christine's twin sister, Patricia, and Darlene Kowalski, 8, escaped with minor burns.
Dennis, 6;
Eleanor, 2;
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958.
Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since.
John C& Houghton, president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners Association, followed that by announcing plans last night for a door-to-door fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family.
Kowalski, a roofer who seldom worked last winter, already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills.
Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police.
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation.
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion.
Stickney is a salesman for Plee-Zing, Inc&, 2544 Green Bay rd&, Evanston, a food brokerage and grocery chain firm, of which his father, William L& Jr&, is president.
Vicky Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School, 5155 Fourteen Mile road east.
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure.
_ST& JOHNS, MICH&, APRIL 19._- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs& Anna Hengesbach.
a Sterling Township family of six surviving children, whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children, found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends.
and Bernardine, 1.
another neighbor, Mrs& Frank C& Smith, 2731 Pall Mall, Sterling Township, surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs.
as he left the bus with his money bag, Robinson added, the largest youth accosted him, a quarrel ensued, and the youth knocked him down.
at Jenks street, Simms said, the car skidded completely around, just missed two parked cars, and sped east in Jenks.
but today he wanted to make a public statement.
circuit Judge Paul R& Cash did not set a date for sentencing.
he also admitted killing Mrs& Hengesbach.
he returned to his cell in the county jail, where he has been held since his arrest last July, without a word to his court-appointed attorney, Jack Walker, or his guard.
he said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553, Warren Village Station.
however, the confession, which was the only evidence against him, was retracted before the trial.
it was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place.
mrs& Blanche Dunkel, 60, who has spent 25 years in the Dwight reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law, Ervin Lang, then 28, appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois pardon and parole board members, John M& Bookwalter and Joseph Carpentier.
mrs& Dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934.
mrs& Eleanor Kowalski, 42, died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother, Mrs& Mary Pankowski, in the adjoining suburb of Warren.
mrs& Hengesbach was killed on Aug& 31, 1958.
mrs& Pankowski, 61, remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion, which occurred while Mrs& Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile road east.
patrolman James F& Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart avenue at Central street.
principal Clayton W& Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today, and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs& Kowalski.
she had been sentenced to 180 years in prison, but former Gov& Stratton commuted her term to 75 years, making her eligible for parole, as one of his last acts in office.
she said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid.
some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read.
still, I do n't wish to appear happy at somebody 's else's misfortune".
the car spun around again, Simms said, before Stickney could turn north in Prairie avenue, and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie.
the defendant, William L& Stickney 3, 23, of 3211 Park pl&, Evanston, who pleaded guilty to reckless driving, also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month.
the jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter.
the jury foreman, Mrs& Olive Heideman, of rural Elsie, said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence.
the jury, which was locked up in a motel overnight, was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced.
the mother and daughter, who will be buried side by side in Mt& Olivet Cemetery, rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home, 31730 Mound, Warren.
the son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan& 20.
the trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week.
the verdict came three hours later.
then the youths fled with his money.
there also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School, 3505o Dequindre, which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine.
they are home now with the other Kowalski children, Vicky, 14;
when the verdict came in against his young neighbor, Hengesbach said:" I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed.
while neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties, fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family, 34220 Viceroy.
" I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while", she said wistfully Friday.
# 'INTEND TO ATTEND' #" We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year", the identically worded letters said.
#ATTACKS OFFICER# He attacked one of the officers and was restrained.
#GATHER HERE# The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday.
#JOHN W& BALL# John William Ball, 68, of 133 Marietta St& NW, Apartment 101 B, died Sunday at his home.
#MRS& LOLA HARRIS# Mrs& Lola M& Harris, a native of Atlanta, died Sunday at her home in Garland, Tex&.
#POLICE ACCOUNT# The officers gave this account: Thomas early Sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt, Mr& and Mrs& R& C& Thomas, 511 Blanche St&, NW, looking for his wife, Margaret Lou Thomas, 18, and their 11-month-old baby.
#r& E& KILLINGSWORTH# Raymond E& Killingsworth, 72, died Sunday at his home at 357 Venable St&, NW.
Charles A& Black, COAHR chairman, said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct& 31 but had failed to show up.
Friday's letters asked for a Nov& 15 meeting.
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
a 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife, hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him, police said.
a hearing was set for 8:30 a&m& Tuesday.
about five minutes later he jumped up, Slate said, and struck the two policemen again.
after 18 years in the personnel office, she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors.
also being treated are Houston, Bleckley, Tift, Turner and Dodge counties, Blasingame said.
and two sisters, Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs& Bessie Bloom, both of Gettysburg, Pa&.
as personnel clerk, she handled thousands of entries, ranging from appointments to jobs, to transfers to other employments, to pensions.
black said COAHR" hoped to be able to integrate the theaters without taking direct action, but we are pledged to using every legal and nonviolent means at our disposal **h" A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that" extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits **h" Besides managers of downtown theaters, the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and Buckhead.
downtown and art theater managers and owners, contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request, said they had no knowledge of such a letter, and that it was not in the Friday mail.
failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend, the letters said, would be considered a" sign of indifference".
four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes, two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville, the State Patrol said Sunday.
funeral services will be at 2 p&m& Tuesday at Blanchard's Chapel with the Rev& J& H& Hearn officiating.
he also struck his aunt and wife, and during the melee the baby also suffered scratches.
he declined to name the three.
he was a member of the Baptist church.
he was a member of the Oakland City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta.
he was born in Pittsboro, Miss&, and was a veteran of World War 1,.
he was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the melee.
her father, H& T& Simpson, Greenville, S&C&, and three sisters, Mrs& W& E& Little and Mrs& Hal B& Wansley, both of Atlanta, and Mrs& Bill Wallace, Wilmington, N&C&.
however, three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend.
incidentally, 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours.
it is followed by Cain Street and Piedmont Avenue, NE;
low-flying planes will spread a granular-type chemical, heptachlor, over 30,000 acres in Troup, 37,000 acres in Pierce and 65,000 acres in Bulloch and Bryan counties.
mr& Ball was a house painter.
mr& Kililngsworth was a foreman with S and W Cafeteria.
mrs& Mary Self, who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years, has closed her desk and retired.
one of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs& Self and her service.
over the weekend, Mrs& Self, personnel clerk, was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club, organization of women employes at City Hall.
patrolmen J& W& Slate and A& L& Crawford Jr& said they arrested Ronald M& Thomas, of 1671 Nakoma St&, NW, after he assaulted the officers.
perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it.
several theater operators said, however, that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair.
slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn.
student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago.
students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study.
survivors include a son, Charles R& Fergeson, Memphis, Tenn&;
survivors include his sister, Mrs& Emma B& Odom of Atlanta.
survivors include two brothers, C& E& Killingsworth, Atlanta, and John Killingsworth, Warren, Ohio;
the demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights.
the department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon.
the department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties- Troup, Pierce, Bryan and Bulloch- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants, according to W& E& Blasingame state entomologist.
the eradication effort is being pushed in Bibb and Jones counties, over 37,679 acres.
the fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia, attacking crops, young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom, Blasingame said.
the junction of the Northeast and Northwest Expressways and Jones Avenue and Marietta Street, NW.
the letters set a Nov& 15 deadline for the start of negotiations.
the north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week.
the younger Thomas ripped a screen door, breaking the latch, and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock, scratching his face.
then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained, Slate related.
they indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate.
this is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway.
two counts of assault on an officer, resisting arrest, disturbance and cursing, police said.
two daughters, Mrs& Gene F& Stoll and Miss Nancy Harris, both of Garland;
when police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
# G- P MEN SERVED# Advisors for the" national champion" company were John K& Morgan, William H& Baker, Leonard Breuer and William F& Stephenson, all of Georgia-Pacific Corp&.
#RESULTS:# Janet Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4- H sheep showman contest.
#YOUNGSTERS DO BUSINESS# The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies, under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms.
Ann Wegener, Madison;
Barbara Borland of Tigard took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats.
Carol Strong, 13, of Cedar Mill cooked the championship junior dollar dinner.
Charles Reynolds of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion.
Joan Zurcher of Hillsboro, Phyllis Jossy of North Plains, Jane Cox of North Plains.
John Haase + Son of Corneilus was the only entrant in open class swine and swept all championships.
John Pezza, 69, of 734 Hartford Avenue, Providence, complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio, 25, of 12 DeSoto St&, Providence, on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday.
Karen Kolb, Franklin;
Kathy Jossy of Hillsboro, Carol Jossy of North Plains and Lorlyn and Tom Zurcher of Hillsboro.
Louis H& Grenier, clerk of the board, said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes.
Millie Jansen, high school senior from Verboort, had the championship dollar dinner, and Jody Jaross of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon.
Phil Reifenrath, Madison high school;
Richard E& Cohn, Grant;
Spice-Nice, counseled by Georgia-Pacific Corp&, had previously taken first-place honors in both local competition and the regional conference at San Francisco.
Tim Larson, a junior at Wilson High School and president of Spice-Nice, is the young executive who guided his firm to the top-ranking position over the 4,500 other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada.
Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4- H market hog, a Chester White.
_HILLSBORO ( SPECIAL)_- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4- H and FFA awards program at 7, public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30.
a 16-year-old Portland businessman and his Junior Achievement company, have been judged the" Company of the Year" in national competition completed this week at Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio.
a collection of English, French and German coins, valued at $500;
a sister, Mrs& Birdie Gevurtz;
a wallet with $450 in it;
about 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax accessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in Centredale.
about 75 persons appeared at that time.
also winning blue ribbons were Bob Day of Beaverton, Tony Traxel of Beaverton and Steve Hutchins of Banks.
and Shelby Carlson, Cleveland.
and five grandchildren.
any adjustments which are made, Mr& Grenier said earlier this month, will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year.
appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago.
attendance continued to run ahead of last year 's during the five-day show, with clear skies helping attract fairgoers.
bill Davis quartet of Hillsboro was second and baton twirler Sue Ann Nuttall of Reedville third.
blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg.
blue ribbons went to Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro, Larry Hinton of Beaverton.
both cars were slightly damaged.
exhibition ballroom dancers from the studio of Helen Wick Walters of Hillsboro won the all-county talent contest.
finalists from the county's east end failed to place.
for winning Larson will receive a $100 U&S& Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization.
four rings, a watch and a set of pearl earrings.
his company, Spice-Nice, will receive a $250 award, which will be distributed among the 16 charter members.
in open class poultry, Donald Wacklin of Sherwood had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird.
in poultry judging, blues were won by John Nyberg of Tualatin, Anne Batchelder of Hillsboro, Jim Shaw of Hillsboro, Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro and Lynn Robinson of Tigard.
mr& Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car, police said.
mr& Giorgio was uninjured.
mr& Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician, Dr& Allan A& DiSimone, who treated him.
mr& and Mrs& Stephen M& Kochanek reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night.
national competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation.
on the day's schedule are a flower show, 4- H horsemanship contest and clown shows, the latter at 11 a&m& and 3 p&m&.
other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are: Kathleen Mason, Jefferson high school;
over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here.
participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year, guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry.
services will be at 2:30 p&m& Monday at Holman + Son Funeral Home, with interment in Neveh Zebek cemetery.
swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day, with Tom Day and Hutchins winning other blues.
the award is the first such honor in the 11-year history of JA activities in Portland, according to Ralph Scolatti, local executive director for Junior Achievement.
the family requests that flowers be omitted.
the youngsters sell stock, produce and sell a product, pay taxes, and show a profit **h or loss **h just like full-scale businesses.
the" pocket-size" company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products, a selection of barbecue spices, and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment.
these were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals.
they also will visit properties on which appeals have been made.
they told police the intruders took a mink coat worth $700, a black Persian lamb jacket worth $450;
thieves yesterday ransacked a home in the Garden Hills section of Cranston and stole an estimated $3,675 worth of furs, jewels, foreign coins and American dollars.
two brothers, Charley and Aaron Cohn, San Francisco;
young Larson is the son of Mr& and Mrs& Lawrence Larson, 5847 SW Nevada Ct&, Portland.
" I had developed the machines and therefore knew them.
" but it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop", he said.
" it 's so quiet", he said," so slow, serene- and so challenging".
" it is like handing a loaded .45 automatic to an 8-year-old and telling him to run out and play", he commented.
" she flew beautifully", said Fiedler.
" the first two pilots had crashed", he said.
" the news of their experiments reach the farmers who, forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents, are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries", Buchheister told the delegates.
" there was only one power control- a valve to adjust the fuel flow.
Buchheister pledged the land would be an" inviolate" sanctuary for all birds, animals and plants.
Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target, the fire ant.
Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret" Reichenberg project", which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war.
Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles.
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip".
John Di Massimo has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day Celebration Committee, it was announced yesterday.
_ASILOMAR, MARCH 26_ Vast spraying programs conducted by" technicians with narrow training and little wisdom" are endangering crops and wildlife, Carl W& Buchheister, president of the National Audubon Society, said today.
_NEW YORK- ( UPI)_- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU, it was announced yesterday.
a crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers, but the project was halted before the end of the war, and the missiles later fell into Allied hands.
a pesticides co-ordination act;
about 200 of the special V-1 rocket-bombs were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive warhead.
at 12,000 feet, Fiedler signaled" release", and started the roaring pulse-jet engine- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel.
at the opening of the trial, the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr& Weaver about Ku Klux Klan connections.
dr& Hester, also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university, succeeds Dr& Carroll V& Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc& publishing firm.
dr& Hester, of Princeton, N&J&, is a native of Chester, Pa& He joined NYU in September, 1960.
he managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m&p&h&- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown- and banked into the airfield.
he sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944.
he was not seated on the jury.
he will take over his new post Jan& 1.
his spare time is spent in soaring gliders.
in addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying, Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness bill, creation of national seashore parks, including Point Reyes;
it was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
it was time to go up myself".
judge John B& Molinari was named chairman of the executive committee.
moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip, edging closer and closer to a touchdown- then in a streamer of dust it landed.
mrs& Norman Livermore, president of the Marin Conservation League, handed over the deed to the 645-acre tidelands tract south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W& Buchheister, president of the Society.
neither was seated on the jury.
no formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents.
now a family man with three children, Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at Sunnyvale.
now a quiet-spoken, middle-aged man, Fiedler is an aeronautical engineer for Lockheed's Missiles and Space Division at Sunnyvale, where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile.
one member of the panel- not Mr& Parker- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time.
other officers are Angelo J& Scampini, vice president, Joseph V& Arata, treasurer, and Fred J& Casassa, secretary.
pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water, striking below the waterline of individual ships.
preservation of the wetlands where birds breed;
prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn.
seventeen years ago today, German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber.
squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism, the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude.
stronger water pollution control programs, and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil.
the Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society.
the World War 2, German bomber rolled down a runway and took off.
the conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and Wyoming.
the judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
the juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient.
the missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
the new president is 37-year-old Dr& James McN& Hester, currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.
the only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip.
the perjury charge against Mr& Parker carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction.
the presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at Olney Hall, College of Marin, Kentfield.
the success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight.
the target was Allied shipping- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe.
then, when the case went to the jury, the judge excused one of the jurors, saying the juror had told him he had been accosted by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened.
there have even been serious errors in the U& S& Forest Service, whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training, he added.
this had never been done before.
to the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck, hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m&p&h&.
two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial.
using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons, Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage.
" I feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list '", he said, meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country.
" we subscribe 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas.
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies, valued in the millions of dollars.
Gordin manufacturing operations are in Lubbock.
Hardwicke-Etter Co& of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment.
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people.
Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners, and this machinery is purchased from a Dallas-based firm.
a modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000, and it 's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U&S& and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area.
about 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the Dallas plant by more than 200 employes.
after it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone.
all those things combined to make the Morton Foods stock the hot issue that it was and is.
and third, the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a" growth" industry in the public mind of late.
as a result, it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings, to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64 c anticipated dividend ).
both of those have had dynamic run-ups in price on the market in recent months, both were selling at higher price-earnings and yield bases than Morton was coming to market at, and everyone who knew anything about it expected the Morton stock to have a fast run-up.
but E&G&T& could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares.
but the result of it all was, E&G&T& partner Dean Guerin believes, an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation.
but today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no second-echelon management in their firms.
but what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot one?
cable confirmation", it said translated.
cotton Belt Gin Service, Inc& of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago.
factories are located here and in Prattville, Ala&.
factory operations are in Columbus, Ga&.
first, the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months, driving stocks of all kinds up.
foods, which long had been considered" recession resistant" but hardly dynamic stocks, have been acting like growth stocks, going to higher price-earnings ratios.
he was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do.
headquarters is in Birmingham, Ala&.
in 1930, they began making cotton processing equipment.
it is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history.
it weighs in the tons, so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year.
more than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at Sherman.
more than 700 employes make gin machinery that 's sold anywhere cotton is grown.
now, if Morton's newest product, a corn chip known as Chip-o's, turns out to sell as well as its stock did, the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to.
presently, Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people, depending on the season of the year.
second, the" potato chip industry" has caught the fancy of investors lately, and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks- Frito and H& W& Lay- on the market.
so they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock, and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like Frito.
the Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co& has home offices and factory facilities here.
the Continental Gin Co& began operations in Dallas in 1899.
the Hinckley Gin Supply Co& is a maker of" overhead equipment".
the John E& Mitchell Co& began work in Dallas in 1928.
the Lummus Cotton Gin Co& has had a sales and service office in Dallas since 1912.
the Moss Gordin Lint Cleaner Co& and Gordin Unit System of Ginning have joint headquarters here.
the Murray Co& of Texas, Inc&, originated in Dallas in 1896.
the Stacy Co& makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas.
the answer is that it was a combination of circumstances.
the cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system, which turns out a complete ginning system, began operations in 1959.
the company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies.
the company sells a complete line of gin machinery all over the cotton-growing world.
the district office here employs about 65.
the exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars.
the firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt, including the Mississippi Delta.
the firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton, driers, and heaters, and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment.
the firm recently expanded domestic sales into the Southeastern states as a result of an agreement with Cen-Tennial Gin Co&.
the history of the U&S& potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days.
the increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation.
the potato chip industry these days is growing, not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods, but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger.
the present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834.
they distribute equipment in 11 states.
they export also.
they export cotton ginning machinery.
they make gin saws and deal in parts, supplies and some used gin machinery.
they' ve been in Dallas since 1921.
they' ve occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's.
this includes driers, cleaners, burr extractors, separators and piping that 's located above gin stands in a complete gin.
those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives, men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest.
" before then, my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20%", he says.
" the financial situation of the Baltimore + Ohio, has become precarious- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s", he told the hearing.
#BAD CONDITION# Board Chairman Howard Simpson of the Baltimore + Ohio Railroad Co&, testified the B + O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake + Ohio Railroad.
#DUE IN 1986# The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7 debentures, due June 1, 1986, at 100%, and $60 million of 4-1 convertible subordinated debentures due June 1, 1991, at 100%.
#INCREASE EXPECTED# The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders' intentions conference.
#LEADERS OF INDUSTRY# The reason, says the Housing Center, is that the builders invited to the intentions conference" are generally among the more successful businessmen, and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders".
$70 by 1971;
$75 by 1976;
$80 by 1981;
$85 by 1986, and $90 thereafter.
C + O president Walter J& Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case.
Fairchild Camera and Kawecki Chemical gained 2-1 each.
Gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash, according to Union.
Gus Ehlers, competitor of Mr& Houtz in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier.
Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations," there is no reason, in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future".
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares.
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation.
Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger, but could possibly be an ultimate effect.
Taylor, president and voting stockholder of Taylor and Co&, Beverly Hills, has been active in the securities business since 1925.
_ANSWER_- Write to the fund's custodian bank- the First National Bank of Jersey City, N&J&.
_ELBURN, ILL&_- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales:" we 've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more.
_NEW YORK( AP)_- American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled.
_QUESTION_- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct& 23, 1959, and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb& 8, 1960.
_WASHINGTON ( AP)_- Alfred Hayes, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said Tuesday" there is no present need for far-reaching reforms" which would basically alter the international financial system.
_WASHINGTON ( AP)_- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday weekly offering of Treasury bills.
_WASHINGTON ( UPI)_- New York Central Railroad president Alfred E& Perlman said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake + Ohio and Baltimore + Ohio Railroads merge.
_WASHINGTON, MARCH 11 ( UPI)._-" Consumer uncertain about economic conditions".
although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934, farmers, with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather, are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines.
and letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders.
any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank.
at that time, the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand.
but it seems that this" electronic brain" was n't" programmed" correctly.
election of Howard L& Taylor to membership in Pacific Coast Stock Exchange, effective Tuesday, has been announced by Thomas P& Phelan, president of the exchange.
fields of corn and some other crops in many cases are so dense that older equipment cannot handle them efficiently.
gains of 2-3 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil.
he selects queries or general interest to answer }.
in other words, I am getting only half the dividends I should.
it disclosed that the builders: expect their own production volume, and presumably sales, to jump 30 percent in 1961.
look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,7000 non-farm housing starts.
maybe it 's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected.
on $1.1 billion of 90-day bills, the average yield was 2.325%.
other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were" resistance to high interest rates, cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed, shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify".
paradoxically, the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output.
something has gone wrong some place.
starts were down 20 percent from 1959.
that 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds, complaining about mistakes in their accounts.
that bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund, Fundamental Investors, Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund.
the New York Central also has asked the ICC to permit it to gain control of the B + O. central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a three-way merger.
the bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things.
the convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at $65 a share by June 1, 1966;
the industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
the proposed C + O- B + O railroad would make it the hemisphere's second largest.
the railroad president made the statement in an interview as the Interstate Commerce Commission opened Round 2 of its hearing into the C + O's request to control and then merge with the B + O." all these kind of things weaken us", Perlman said.
the rate a week ago was 2.295%.
they indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected" within 60 days".
this resulted in a great number of errors.
this was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center.
though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business, farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas.
under the new offering, only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares.
union Oil Co& of California Tuesday offered $120 million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by Dillon, Read + Co&, to raise money to retire a similar amount held by Gulf Oil Corp&.
volume was 1.23 million shares, down from Monday 's 1.58 million.
we sold only four pickers all last year".
why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry?
{ Doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries.
" I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress", she reminisces.
" I like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on fashion".
## { A FAVORITE } is Norman Norell, however.
## { BLACK AND WHITE } is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks, reds, blues and greens.
## { HER ACTING } began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End.
## { HONORS } that have come to Greer Garson are countless.
## { IN PRIVATE LIFE }, Miss Garson is Mrs& E& E& Fogelson and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas, where they maintain an apartment, to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos, New Mexico.
## { RAMSEY }, as SMU's food wrangler, buys enough groceries to serve 32,000 meals a week.
## { THE ONLY WOMAN } recipient, Miss Garson will receive the award with Ferdinando Sarmi, creator of chic, beautiful women's fashions;
#@# { STATE BRIEFS: } voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area.
< possible upshots: the company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments, or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made >.
April sales also were 5% below those of April last year, when volume reached a record for any month, $18.9 billion ( see chart on Page One ).
Balenciaga is her favorite European designer.
Colorado has a 2% sales tax.
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March.
Denver itself collects a 1% sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax **h.
Greer Garson world-famous star of stage, screen and television, will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession.
Harry Rolnick, president of the Byer-Rolnick Hat Corporation and designer of men's hats;
Irene suits rate high because they are designed for her long-bodied silhouette.
Ramsey, 6-3, 195 and ruggedly slim, says," I can n't remember when I did n't pester my mother to teach me to cook".
Sydney Wragge, creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier, designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris, France, whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry.
_WASHINGTON_- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months, the Government reported.
a frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement, experts warn, is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income.
adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before, which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $17.8 billion.
after signing a motion-picture contract, she came to America and had" Goodbye, Mr& Chips" as her first assignment after a year's wait.
among stage performances was a starring role in" Golden Arrow" directed by Noel Coward.
and he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center, along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables.
as a Neiman-Marcus award winner the titian-haired Miss Garson is a personification of the individual look so important to fashion this season.
back in college, today's handsome Gander was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food.
both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico.
he also dishes up 3,000 snacks.
he is apt to rear back and claim his rights.
her creations in fashion are from many designers because she does n't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants" all of her pictures by one painter".
her favorite cocktail dress is a Norell, a black and white organdy and silk jersey.
her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles.
in that event, they note, the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law.
it was during" Old Music" at the St& James Theater that Hollywood's Louis B& Mayer spotted her.
just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in" Sunrise at Campobello".
last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D&C& entitled" Are Women Here to Stay"?
occasionally she deserts the simple and elegant for a fun piece simple because" It 's unlike me".
of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent, Greer Garson was born in County Down, Ireland.
other triumphs include" Random Harvest"," Madame Curie"," Pride and Prejudice"," The Forsythe Saga" and" Mrs& Miniver" ( which won her the Academy Award in 1943 ).
reared in England, she studied to be a teacher, earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London.
she also likes the femininity and charm of designs by Ceil Chapman and Helen Rose.
she gave a fine portrayal of Auntie Mame on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from" Captain Brassbound's Conversion" to" Camille".
she is adept at skeet shooting, trout fishing, Afro-Cuban and Oriental dancing and Southwestern archaeology.
she is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London, a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states.
she is state chairman for the New Mexico Tuberculosis and Cancer Associations.
she likes his classic chemise.
she now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts.
she took postgraduate work at the University of Grenoble in France and then returned to London to work on market research with an advertising firm.
she will receive the 1961" Oscar" at the 24th annual Neiman-Marcus Exposition, Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand Ballroom of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel.
she would be taxed on the pensions when received, of course, but the company's contributions would be tax-free.
so you can see that Gerald G& Ramsey, director of SMU's food services, is not the ordinary type of craven, women-trodden chef.
tell that to the little wife when she moans at the woman's burden!
the Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April, down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion.
the Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales, made at cost to an oil company, by a wholly-owned subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without divulging the identity of the parent.
the attractive Greer Garson, who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles, prefers timeless classical designs.
the court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities.
the pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy.
the seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year, two weeks earlier than in 1960, and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March.
the silver and ebony plaques will be presented at noon luncheons by Stanley Marcus, president of Neiman-Marcus, Beneficiary of the proceeds from the two showings will be the Dallas Society for Crippled Children Cerebral Palsy Treatment Center.
the state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
therefore, her wardrobe is largely mobile, to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a wrinkle.
" did you"?
" my father walked, through two miles of snow, in Illinois".
" no", I said," I did n't happen to grow up in Illinois".
" why do n't you walk to school then"?
#@# I had to ride a streetcar two miles.
#@# Now they go to a high school that is two miles away.
#FOLIAGE WILL GLOW AT FORMAL FALL PARTY# Fall foliage and flowers will decorate Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening.
#GUESTS FROM ACROSS U&S& HONOR DR& SWIM# When Dr& W& A& Swim celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club, guests came by chartered plane from all over the country.
#MOTHER OF FIVE# Mrs& Oliver is mother of five children and wife of a machinist.
I 've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then.
I explained, however, that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom.
I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife, who is only a woman.
I had to stand up, with the ladies.
I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until, at long last, both of my boys got squeezed into high school.
I suggested.
I was asked.
Lawrence B& Jones, yearbook, and Sam Laughlin, scrapbook.
a cooky with caramel filling and chocolate frosting won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday.
a feature of the party will be a presentation by Welton Becket, center architect, of color slides and renderings of the three-building complex.
a flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points.
a heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing.
a young man does n't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who is n't even in a higher class than he is, and is also a girl.
a& F& Schmalzried, secretary;
among those with reservations are Messrs& and Mmes& William A& Thompson, Van Cott Niven, A& B& Cox, David Bricker, Samuel Perry and Robert D& Stetson.
and the third time was the charm.
and there she had her first showing of tapestry work.
cocktails and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr& Swim when he practiced in Los Angeles.
even that is n't satisfactory.
generally, they go to school with a girl named Gloriana, who lives down the block, and has a car.
getting to and from school was no problem.
giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg, a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage.
he started practice in 1917, and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners.
her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna.
it 's much more complex than that.
it seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school.
more than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring.
mr& Bolker heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts.
mr& and Mrs& Joseph R& Bolker will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs& Norman Chandler, chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee, and Mr& Chandler.
mrs& Alice H& Reese, wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son, was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
mrs& Reese baked her cookies for only the third time in the Bake-off finals.
mrs& Reese entered 10 past bake-offs before she got into the finals.
now her modern tapestries have been exhibited on two continents and, at 26, she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in Los Angeles.
one might think the problem would be similar.
others are Drs& and Mmes& Alfred Robbins, and J& Lafe Ludwig and Gen& and Mrs& Leroy Watson.
second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs& Clara L& Oliver for her Hawaiian coffee ring, a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze.
serving on the club's board are Mmes R& P& Anderson, president;
she dreamed up the cooky recipe, tried it, liked it and entered it in the contest.
she has to have at least one car herself.
she lives in Wellsville, Mo&.
she put the violin away and took out some linen, needles and yarn to while away the long, idle days in Budapest.
sometimes I got on the wrong car and did n't get to school at all, but wound up at the ocean, or some other dismal place, and had to spend the day there.
sometimes the streetcar was late.
sometimes there were n't even any seats.
the second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist.
the third time was on the floor of the Beverly Hilton ballroom and for the critical eyes and tongues of judges.
there 's a lot of talk about the problem of education in America today.
there they continued their studies at the university, she in art, he in architecture.
they could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
they either walked or were driven.
this is a way of getting to school, but, I understand, it entails a certain loss of social status.
two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the vicinity.
w& H& Roquemore, treasurer, and the following chairmen: Mmes McKee, publicity;
what most people do n't seem to realize, if they are n't tied up with the thing as I am, is that 90% of the problem is transportation.
when they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car.
" le Theatre D' Art Du Ballet", of Monte Carlo, will present a program of four ballets including" Francesca Da Rimini".
#NEW OWNERS# { CAFE SOCIETY } opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership.
( which is understandable- if you 've ever sampled the exotic, peppery fare.
) @ #FACES IN PLACES# { PUALANI } and Randy Avon, Dave Searles, George ( Papa ) Gill, Al Bandish, Jim Morgart, Bob Neil at the Mouse trap **h Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshaw **h Bea Morley, Jimmy Fazio, Jim O 'Hare, Ralph Michaels, Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape.
@ #HERE AND THERE# { HERBERT HEILMAN } in town for a day.
@ #MURPHY HONORS# { HEAR THAT } Patricia Murphy flies up to St& John's Newfoundland, next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province.
Don, who played drums, has n't seen his chum since } **h Steak House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food" Tex" Burgess had to call the draft man twice in one day.
George Kissak is the bossman;
Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain, Ohio, may preclude his return here until after Oct& 20, date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise **h { Louise Franklin cornering the gift shop market in Lauderdale.
Jacksonville, Oct& 6;
Jorge Bolet, pianist, on Feb& 23;
Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism, but never felt there was anything he, as an individual, could do about it.
Miss Murphy was born in Placentia, Newfoundland.
Orlando, Oct& 10;
Terry Barnes has been named manager.
_FORT LAUDERDALE_- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St& Thomas Aquinas Monday.
_FORT LAUDERDALE_- The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday, Oct& 26.
_HOLLYWOOD_- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct& 9, conducted by Mrs& Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale, Ala&, author, lecturer and library leader.
a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted Slack, another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of Miami;
also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are:" American Ballet Theatre" on Jan& 27," Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol" on Feb& 2;
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days, by Ted Place, director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ, and Jon Braun, director of Campus Crusade for Christ.
and to encourage other churches to try their own programs, Kern said this Sunday's sessions- including the free dinner- will be open to anyone who makes reservations.
and" Dancers of Bali" on March 8.
anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs& John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library.
at that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged.
at the workshop, Mrs& Schenk will discuss" the board and the staff, librarian-board relationships, personnel policies, how good is our librarian and staff, how good am I as a library board member and how good is our library".
bandstand features Hal DeCicco, pianist, for both dinner hour and the late trade.
he skips around from jazz, to blues to boogie- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act.
he was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing }.
her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman.
is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism 's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world?
it 's a solid show but, except for some interim keyboarding by Ernie, it 's Al 's all the way }.
it will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies.
maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality, and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience.
more than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife Lynn from 4 to 8 p&m& Sunday at First Presbyterian Church.
of particular meaning to the Charles MacWhorter family, 3181 SW 24th Ter&, will be the Family Dedication Service planned for 10:50 a&m& Sunday { at First Christian Church }.
other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct& 5;
performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra.
plant City Oct& 11.
response to the program has been so encouraging, Kern said, that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon.
so the Christian Youth Crusade against Communisn developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat enthralled at the four-hour program.
spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area, and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job.
subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday, at Pompano Beach High Wednesday, and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday.
the Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing.
the best approach, he figured, was to try to influence young people like the high schoolers he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church.
the business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms.
the first one, two years ago, changed the routine of their home life.
the need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week.
the workshop will begin at 10 a&m& and end at 3 p&m& in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building.
there is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building.
they have five daughters- Coral Lee, 5, Glenda Rae, 4, Pamela, 3, Karen, 2, and Shari, five months.
this Sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by Kern on the world situation;
this is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times, but is nevertheless worth your appraisal.
two were in the same band 18 years ago;
until that first dedication service, he and Lois felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home.
vivacious redhead debuts another shop, her sixth, in the Governor's Club Hotel this week } **h Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off **h Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month, according to Hank Johnson **h Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd& plotting a month-long" festival" throughout October, with special features **h { Don Drinkhouse of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist, Julian Gould.
when he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago, Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it.
{ a young real estate salesman, Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force.
{ and he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote- a Biblically strong Christianity }.
{ latter domain, under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel, will specialize in steaks, chops, chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish, stuffed shrimp }.
{ newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano, Wes Robbins, bass and trumpet, and Jack Kelly on drums.
{ the second half of the film" Communism on the Map" and the movie" Operation Abolition" also will be shown }.
{ the series of ballets is sponsored by the Milenoff Ballet Foundation, Inc&, a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral Gables }.
{" when you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith, you strive a little harder to uphold those vows", explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class }.
" < Tires > OK?
" I will die rich".
" about 35".
" get much mileage"?
" it is a British Austin, the smallest they make".
" science in Action", San Francisco's venerable television program, will be seen in Hong Kong this fall in four languages: Mandarin, Cantonese, Chiuchow and English, according to a tip from Dr& Robert C& Miller.
" that will be $1.80", said the gas station man.
" the windshield looks pretty clean".
" what I always say is what if somebody clobbers you in a little car like that?
" what kind of car is it"?
#@# AH, THE FAIR-WEATHER friends of yesteryear!
#@# THE MAN STUCK the nozzle in the gas tank.
#@# TONIGHT Atlantic Monthly editor Edward Weeks moderates a round table of four Russian writers in a discussion of Soviet literature.
#@# { IN ANOTHER RESPECT }, television viewers will feel right at home because most of the actors are unknowns.
#@#" WHERE DO YOU put the lighter fluid, ha, ha"?
< and when they sell it to television in a couple of years, it can be shown without editing >.
< and you think > YOU < have language problems >.
< apparently Fellini caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall.
< check the oil and water, sir?
< it has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
<" la Dolce Vita" has none of the senseless brutality or sadism of the average TV Western.
> #@# { AS A MORAL SHOCKER } it is a dud.
>" They polished the windshield.
I believe TV watchers will be bored.
I bought a new little foreign bomb.
I cannot imagine a single scene that is n't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week.
NBC plans a new series of three long programs exploring America's scientific plans titled" Threshold", to start in the fall **h.
THE WEEK WENT along briskly enough.
a frigid beauty, and three silly fairies.
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face;
after television," La Dolce Vita" seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night.
all the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this three-hour film.
among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the USSR ( Channel 9 at 9:30 ) **h Person to Person ventilates the home lives of Johnny Mercer and Joan Collins- both in Southern California ( Channel 5 at 10:30 ) **h KQED Summer Music Festival features a live concert by the Capello de Musica ( Channel 9 at 8:30 ).
asked the gas station man.
but this does n't detract from its merit as an interesting, if not great, film.
but we could n't really get along without it.
crunch, that 's all she wrote".
gas station people are very debonair about small cars.
he asked gloomily.
if that 's all the Romans did, it 's a surprise to me that Rome fell >.
it is a British bomb.
it is very chic to drive foreign cars.
most of the emphasis has been placed on a" wild party" at a seaside villa.
my car gulped 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth.
producer Fellini should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had { PARTIES }!
put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of: dull.
the Chronicle's Paine Knickerbocker summed it up neatly:" this is a long picture and a controversial one, but basically it is a moral, enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who have become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political, cultural and religious glories".
the Dolce Vita get-together boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip );
the gas station man sighed unhappily.
the present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
the wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
there are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series >.
there is more decadence on" 77 Sunset Strip".
they had a loving touch.
this excellent foreign bomb takes only six.
very austere yet racy.
week in, week out, there is more sex to be seen in" The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet".
what a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining!
when I drove a car with tail fins, I had plenty status at the wind-and-water oases.
when I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome, the gas people were happy to see me.
when I wheeled about, finned fore and aft, I was the darling of the doormen.
with a foreign car you must wear a cap- it has a leather band in the back.
with the exception of Lex Barker and Anita Ekberg, the credits are as unfamiliar as you 'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater.
you must also wear a car coat.
#ATTITUDE FLEXIBLE# At the same time the President took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the Soviet leader.
#FOR CRUCIAL ENCOUNTER# One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev.
#PRE-INAUGURAL POSITION# Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before inauguration that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President, Mr& Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem.
@ #ROAD TO VIENNA# The U& S& and Soviet heads of Government have met three times since Sir Winston Churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace" at the summit of the nations".
JOHN received a promotion in his firm.
John had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous.
Mary decided she had had enough.
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings, and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy, family rough-housing.
Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U& S& for the U-2 incident.
THE MARRIAGE of John and Mary Black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years.
a reception and tea followed.
a wreath will be placed at the tomb of George Washington, one of this Nation's first Masons- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria.
about 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States.
above all, he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep.
anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday, park rangers said, and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze.
because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up, Mr& and Mrs& Black agreed to a series of interviews at Family Service of Northern Virginia, the agency nearest them.
both elements- the caution about a meeting, the willingness eventually to hold one- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador Llewellyn E& Thompson brought back to Russia late in February.
but Mr& Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr& Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe.
but Mr& Kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting, provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it.
but he was convinced that the realities of power- military, economic and ideological- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the Communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting.
but to the families it serves, their help cannot be measured.
despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting, it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war.
family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund.
family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area.
family Service, sharing in UGF, has five agencies in the Washington area.
for nearly a year, they have been receiving counseling, separately and together, in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce.
he did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary.
he gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life.
he in turn told her she demanded too much.
he wanted time, too, to review the United States' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating.
he wanted to buy time to strengthen the U& S& and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy.
he was not going to Vienna to negotiate- the simultaneous announcements in Washington and Moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned.
he would come home in the evening tired and discouraged- in no frame of mind to play with their three children, or spend much time chatting with his wife.
hurt by his lack of interest and attention, Mary complained often that he did n't help around the house, and that he did n't really care about the family.
ideally, he knew, it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels.
in 1959 President Eisenhower and Premier Khrushchev held an informal session in the U& S&.
it would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war, to try to probe Mr& Khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views.
last Friday the White House announced: President Kennedy will meet with Soviet Premier Nikita S& Khrushchev in Vienna June 3 and 4.
moreover, an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the U& S& was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions.
mr& Kennedy replied: @" I 'm hopeful that from @ more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground".
on the third occasion- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago- there was no problem of an illusory" spirit".
perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital.
she accused him of ignoring her.
shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the Soviet leader in these words:" as long as Mr& Khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way, no amount of either smiles or toughness, neither Camp David talks nor kitchen debates, can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations".
that meeting produced the" spirit of Camp David"- a spirit, it later turned out, that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement.
that objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting.
the President had set for himself the task, which he believed vital, of awakening the U& S& and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance.
the President knew that a confrontation with Mr& Khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable.
the announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration in East-West relations.
the episode tended to confirm the U& S& belief that propaganda, the hope of one-sided concessions, and the chance to split the Allies, rather than genuine negotiation, were the Soviet leader's real aims in summitry.
the first time was in 1955 when a full-dress Big Four summit meeting produced the" spirit of Geneva".
the heightened tension, in fact, had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the Soviet leader.
the interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other.
the judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer.
the letter, dated Feb& 22, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in Novosibirsk, Siberia, on March 9.
the opening session of the 5-day session will begin at 10 a& m& today.
the spirit served chiefly to lull the West while Moscow made inroads into the Middle East.
there will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p& m&.
they are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
they know the value of being just that- an ordinary, happy family.
they offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems.
they were both discouraged, disgusted and miserable.
to outsiders, the Blacks seem to be an ordinary, happy family, and they are- but with a difference.
without any definite plan in mind, she went to a judge to see what could be done.
" outside" faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business.
## IT IS this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education, in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas.
## JUST AS IT is possible to exaggerate the drawing power of the new tenure practices, it is also possible to exaggerate the significance of the now relatively adequate salaries paid by major Catholic institutions.
## THE PROBLEM is not merely that more" outside teachers" are needed but that a different brand is called for.
American Catholic colleges and universities are, in a very real sense, the product of" private enterprise"- the" private enterprise" of religious communities.
I think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments, clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university, which is also co-educational.
SEN& JOHN L& McCLELLAN of Arkansas and Rep& David Martin of Nebraska are again beating the drums to place the unions under the anti-monopoly laws.
a man does not make that kind of gamble if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the" family".
a religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere.
adequate compensation is indispensable.
all of this may be understandable enough: it is, however, in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise.
and while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene, the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class citizenship drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement.
apart, however, from the question of wasteful duplication, there is another aspect of the" family business" spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny.
at the earlier" pre-academic excellence" stage of Catholic education, the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis.
broadly speaking the total Catholic atmosphere is such an intangible but the larger demand is for a sense of creative participation and mature responsibility in the total work of the university.
but in any case, one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one.
but this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation.
but with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training, the need for" outsiders" become more pressing.
commenting on the earlier stage, the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term" teacher-employee" ( as opposed to, e&g&," maintenance employee" ) was a not inapt description.
community < esprit de corps > has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible.
competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions.
diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility.
expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype.
for while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions, which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools, it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its" pursuit of excellence".
had it not been for such private enterprise, diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees.
in any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all.
in itself there is nothing wrong with this form of" participation": the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy, i&e&, members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution, have their own eating arrangements.
in the Notre Dame report, reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to" luncheon-table communication".
in the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors, the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it:" even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which, considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms, is inhomogeneous, mortal and of extremely varying temperament, interests and capabilities.
in the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott: all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere.
in the case of academic personnel the" feeling" of participation can hardly be" faked".
in the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel.
it is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are, in their opinion, identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence '".
it is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to" the organization which actually owns the university": this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension.
it is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment.
it would seem to represent < esprit de corps > run riot.
much has been made of the fact that major Catholic institutions now guarantee firm tenure.
once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws, there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions: the law must treat everybody equally.
or, in the words of Anatole France," The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich, as well as the poor, from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges".
religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the layman's reservoir of idealism and his need for this identification.
the college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication, even informal debates over the luncheon table, are a contribution to the total good of the institution.
the fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the well-springs of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying dimension.
the first is a negative warning: there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority.
the net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship, the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship.
the pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame: it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by" the organization which actually owns" it, becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished" outside" faculty.
the public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the disrepute into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr& McClellan's hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and, later, into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites.
the second reason for being concerned with the dichotomy between faculty members who are part of the" in-group" that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees, is, therefore, the baneful effect on the caliber of the teaching itself.
there are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university.
there is however no point in speculating about such a possibility: the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the" family business".
there is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that, at the college level, the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels.
this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough.
this is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure.
this is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated.
this is not an isolated example;
this" family-community" spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement.
those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by" busy-work" and < ersatz > decision making.
to appreciate the nature of the gamble, it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security, that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service.
to understand the past history- and the future potential- of American Catholic higher education, it is necessary to appreciate the special character of the < esprit d' corps > of the religious community.
today however, the" outsider" is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university.
when a man invests a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion, not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services.
word spreads rapidly in the tightly knit academic profession, much given to attending meetings and conferences.
yet adequate compensation- and particularly < merely > adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place.
yet for better or for worse, the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do < not > owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative, resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities.
yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control, there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order.
" in view of the present situation in Laos", said the Pentagon's announcement," we are taking normal precautionary actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the Pacific".
" it would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again", said one military man.
" that limit has now been reached".
" the important thing from now on", he said," is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia".
" there is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure", said the President.
## THE passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies.
#THE CONGRESS# _TURMOIL IN THE HOUSE_ As the 87th Congress began its sessions last week, liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor.
#THE NATION# _THE THREE-FRONT WAR_ At a closed-door session on Capitol Hill last week, Secretary of State Christian Herter made his final report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on U&S& affairs abroad.
( in the heat of the anti-Colmer drive last week, Judge Smith threatened reprisal against Powell.
( what other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise?
) but Speaker Sam Rayburn, after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy, decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective.
) the court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
President Eisenhower held an 8:30 a&m& meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers, decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately.
Russian tanks and artillery parading through the streets of Havana, Russian intrigue in the Congo, and Russian arms drops in Laos ( using the same Ilyushin transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the Congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time.
Soviet Premier Khrushchev sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect Kennedy, and got a cool acknowledgment in reply.
_1 ) CUBA._ Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery, Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U&S& with a blunt and drastic demand: within 48 hours, the U&S& had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U&S& citizens, plus 120 Cuban employees ).
_2 ) LAOS._ After a White House huddle between the President and top lieutenants, the Defense Department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-Western government of Laos that several battalions of Communist troops had invaded Laos from North Viet Nam.
_DEADLY DEADLOCK._ There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee: 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock, or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ).
_EQUAL TREATMENT._ There was sufficient pretext to demand Colmer's ouster: he had given his lukewarm support to the anti-Kennedy electors in Mississippi.
_FRENCH + INDIANS._ There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts.
a dour, gangling man with a choppy gait, Colmer looks younger than his 70 years, has gradually swung from a moderate, internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative.
afterward, Tennessee's Democratic Senator Albert Gore summed it up for newsmen.
and counting noses, they seemed to have the votes to work their will.
at Geneva in 1954, to get the war in Indo-China settled, the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state, North Viet Nam- which then, predictably, became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos.
at the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation, a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates.
but by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( < see > FOREIGN NEWS ), and the U&S& was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist- rather than a pro-Western- government might be best for Laos.
but why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground?
but, in Senator Gore's words, it was" not a very encouraging" situation that would confront John F& Kennedy on Inauguration Day.
caucusing, the liberals decided to go after Colmer, which actually was the more drastic course, since seniority in the House is next to godliness.
considering the state of the whole world, the cold war 's three exposed fronts did not seem terribly ominous;
cutting short a holiday at Hong Kong, the aircraft carriers < Lexington > and < Bennington > steamed off into the South China Sea, accompanied by a swarm of destroyers, plus troopships loaded with marines.
for 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee.
for example, the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers.
he began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of SEATO.
he is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project, unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast constituents.
he is, of course, a segregationist, but he says he has never made an" anti-Negro" speech.
he thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan& 20, although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U&S& and Latin America ( < see > THE HEMISPHERE ).
in 1914, the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity.
in 1922, the United Mine Workers struck the Coronado Coal Company.
in 1949 the Dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against Harry Truman, and in 1957, after Congressman Adam Clayton Powell campaigned for Dwight Eisenhower in 1956, his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments, although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage.
in a tense, closed-door session with Judge Smith, Rayburn attempted to work out a compromise: to add three new members to the Rules Committee ( two Democrats, including one Southerner, and one Republican ).
in the famous Danbury Hatters case, a suit was brought against the union by the Loewe Company for monopolistic practices, e&g&, trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer.
indeed, it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws;
it was most effective against trade unions.
labor remained a commodity- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws.
on the U&S&'s island base of Okinawa, Task Force 116, made up of Army, Navy, Marine and Air Force units, got braced to move southward on signal.
paradoxically, the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation, the Civil Aeronautics Board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel, the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act.
political, economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic, mountainous little Laos was the last place in the world to fight a war- and they were probably right.
reprisals are not unheard of in such situations, but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons.
said he:" we will see whether whites and Negroes are treated the same around here".
that was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts.
the company sued under the anti-trust laws, alleging that the union's activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce.
the courts, by interpretation, emasculated the act.
the late Secretary of State John Foster Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of appeasement, saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the West.
the law could not suspend economics.
the liberal pressure bloc ( which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group ) had fought the committee before, and had always lost.
the suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment.
there his vote, along with those of Chairman Howard Smith, the courtly Virginia judge, and the four Republican members, could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out, Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ).
they had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy, whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck.
this time, they were much better prepared and organized, and the political climate was favorable.
through Secretary Herter, Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision.
what Herter presented, said Gore, was" not a very encouraging review".
while Communists were undermining United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from chaos, two other Communist offensives stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions.
" I was hitting the ball well", Player said later," and I felt strong.
#INSTANT RIVALRY# On Thursday, the first day of the Masters, the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly.
#THE BOLDNESS OF CHAMPIONS# Anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course.
( on Thursday nobody except Charlie Coe was thinking of Charlie Coe.
) on Friday, a day as cloudless and lovely as Thursday had been gray and ugly, the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus.
Bob Jones played that way.
Byron Nelson did, Hogan did.
Palmer's 4-under-par 68 got him off to an early lead, which he shared with Bob Rosburg.
Palmer, meanwhile, had been having his troubles.
Rosburg had started early in the day, and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course- separated, as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend, by about half an hour- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg, who ended with a 73, was not having a good day.
a lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus, the spectacular young amateur, who had a 70;
and last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did.
as Player began his second round in a twosome with amateur Bill Hyndman, his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a contender.
as Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day.
as if to confirm his stature, he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments.
as the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest, it was Player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead.
at one point late in the day, when Palmer was lining up a 25-foot putt on the 16th, a thunderous cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole.
at the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a one-iron when a three-wood was the proper club, so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green.
but Player was only one stroke back, with a 69.
but Player's real test came on the ninth hole, a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards.
but as the tour reached Pensacola a month ago, Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars, and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere.
but when tiny, 145-pound Albert Gregory Pearson of the Los Angeles Angels, who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because, as a teammate explained," the other team thought no one was out there", hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958, 1959, and 1960 ), his achievement borders on the ridiculous.
but whichever of these two finished ahead of the other would be the undisputed financial leader of the tour.
even so, it was still not clear to many in the enormous horde of spectators- unquestionably the largest golf crowd ever- that this tournament was to be, essentially, a match between Palmer and Player.
from there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4.
having hit one of the trees, the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out.
he birdied the 13th, the 15th and the 18th- five birdies, one bogey and 12 pars for a 68.
he hit a poor tee shot, pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways.
he outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer 's 71.
his bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par.
in fact, he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well, to go 4 under par for the first eight holes.
it is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence.
it struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge.
it was a dismal, drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course.
long after the erratic climate and the washed-out final round on Sunday have become meteorological footnotes, the 1961 Masters will be remembered as the scene of the < mano a mano > between Arnold Palmer and Gary Player.
on that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and, as it turned out, neither won it.
on the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament.
on the final round at Pensacola, the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and, although it was far from obvious at the time, the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come.
on this day the wind had switched 180' from the northwest to the southeast, and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days.
or Ken Venturi, who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better;
or Rosburg, whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries;
or even old Byron Nelson, whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf.
player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget.
player began with a birdie on the first hole, added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th.
player immediately proceeded to follow suit.
player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of Palmer.
player then had the choice of punching the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5, or gambling.
player won only one.
starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion Kel Nagle, Palmer birdied the 2nd, the 9th, the 13th and the 16th- four birdies, one bogey and 13 pars for a 69.
starting the second nine, Palmer was already four strokes behind Player and knew it.
the bad luck that can so often mar a well-played round of golf is simply overpowered and obliterated by the contemptuous boldness of these champions.
the latter involved hitting a full four-wood out to the first fairway and toward the clubhouse, hoping to slice it back to the deeply bunkered 9th green.
the roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the parklike landscape of Augusta, only to be answered moments later by the roar of Player's gallery for a similar triumph.
the usually skiddy greens were moist and soft, so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences.
thereafter, until the Masters, Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami.
they started on the 4th hole, a 220-yard par-3.
this day Palmer had started first.
unlike most such sports rivalries, it appeared to have developed almost spontaneously, although this was not exactly the case.
when Mickey Charles Mantle, the New York Yankees' man of muscle, drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers, his feat touches upon the sublime.
when Roger Eugene Maris, Mantle's muscular teammate, powers four home runs in a double-header, his performance merits awe.
when the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer 's towering prestige.
when they reached Augusta last week, together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date.
when you 're playing like that you 'd better attack".
without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer, and his gallery sent its explosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply.
" I tell people what I think.
" are you kidding"?
" when I 've made a dumb play", he says," I do n't want to talk to anyone.
" when I was a kid", Maris told a sportswriter last week," I used to follow Williams every day in the box score, just to see whether he got a hit or not".
" when Mickey went to the Yankees", says Mark Freeman, an ex-Yankee pitcher who sells mutual funds in Denver," DiMaggio still was playing and every day Mickey would go by his locker, just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man, this hero of his.
" when you came up to the majors, did you seek out Williams for advice"?
" you 're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize".
#IDOLS' IDOLS:# One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes.
( American League expansion created, inevitably, weaker teams.
( Farrell did- and Maris led the team to victory in the Little World Series.
( Meyer sent him to Reading, Pa&.
(" one of the reasons they get along fine", says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men," is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris".
) benched at Indianapolis in 1956, he told manager Kerby Farrell:" I 'm not learning anything on the bench.
) hitting, Mantle has an immediate advantage because he bats both left-handed and right-handed, Maris only left-handed.
)" that 's the way I am", he says.
@ ## A year after he was catapulted over nine officers senior to him and made commandant of the Marine Corps, General { David M& Shoup } delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a" happy, warless New Year" greeting to his Pentagon staff.
Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas, as he had hinted upon his arrival:" it 's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia.
I 'm angry".
I could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our plans"!
Mantle has kept the vow.
Mantle is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base.
Mantle is considerably better hitting for average ( .332, fourth in the league, to .280 for Maris so far this year ).
Mantle's hero was Joe DiMaggio.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
Maris 's throwing arm is stronger.
Maris ran the 100-yard dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against Luis Aparicio, the swift, base-stealing shortstop of the White Sox.
Maris's was Ted Williams.
after pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard, I lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on.
also included in the entourage: a dog in a black sweater, Frankie and Peter had an urgent mission: to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory.
among all the Yankees, he is the veteran most friendly to rookies.
appropriately, the emphasis on the home run, at a peak this year, came into being at baseball's lowest moment.
as the plans were laid, some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory 's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each.
benched at Tulsa in 1955, he told manager Dutch Meyer:" I can n't play for you.
both are good bunters: Maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues;
both are good, daring fielders: Mantle covers more ground;
both have brilliant speed: Mantle was timed from home plate ( batting left-handed ) to first base in 3.1 seconds, faster than any other major leaguer;
but DiMaggio never said a word.
but Shoup also gave the Corps a tilling in spots.
but since railroading and mining are not the highest paid arts, Mantle and Maris concentrate on baseball.
by his own confession, Maris is an angry young man.
each is a complete ballplayer.
give me a team of nine angry men and I 'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we 'll beat you nine out of ten times".
he told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star, this never would be said of him".
if laying ties on a railroad track, which he once did for $1 an hour, paid more than playing right field for the Yankees, Maris would lay ties on a railroad track.
if working in a zinc mine, which he once did for 87-1 cents an hour, paid more than playing center field for the Yankees, Mantle would work in a zinc mine.
if you 're a good ballplayer, you 've got to get mad.
in 1920, as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out, fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball.
into Washington on President-elect John F& Kennedy's Convair, the < Caroline >, winged Actor-Crooner { Frank Sinatra } and his close Hollywood pal, Cinemactor Peter Lawford, Jack Kennedy's brother-in-law.
it crushed Mickey.
little geeing and hawing have been necessary".
neither Mantle nor Maris is totally devoted to baseball above all else.
only two teams in each league [ the Yankees and Detroit, the Dodgers and Cincinnati ] are battling for first place.
play me".
said Leatherneck Shoup:" a year ago I took the grips of the plow in my hands.
said Maris.
send me where I can play".
something was needed to revive interest;
soon after Loper leaked the news that Frankie had ordered" two of everything" just" in case he spills anything", Frankie got so mad at the chic designer that he vowed he would not wear a stitch of Loper clothing.
the biggest single act would doubtless be staged by Frankie himself: his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier Don Loper, who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles.
the something was the home run.
they both possess near classic stances, dug in firmly, arms high, set for fierce swings.
they try to play baseball the best they can.
with this ultimate weapon, the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season.
yet with all their skills, the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one basic: the home run.
" surprised and pleased", Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week.
## The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo, which is rich in copper, tin, cobalt, manganese, zinc, and uranium, and cotton and palm oil.
## Why did the Belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it?
#CATCH FOR CHICAGO# When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A& Kimpton submitted his resignation last March, a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway.
Beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters;
Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students, found that many were hardly interviewed at all- and few had academic records as good as Hamilton Holmes.
a philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end.
and in Brussels, street crowds shouted," < Pas une goutte de sang!
and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity.
at Caltech, Geneticist Beadle has stuck close to his research as head of the school's famous biology division since 1946.
at first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property.
but a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date, and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away.
but almost all the schools were primary.
but by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience.
but he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot, recruit and excite able researchers, and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making.
but instead of delivering the ration- either in actual commodities or in cash- at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month, the Belgians felt obliged to dole it out more often.
but they did not believe in widespread secondary education, much less in college.
but they were not.
but though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order, some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era.
by force, he took under his protection, or stole, 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa.
during the 1950s there were as many as 25,000 schools in the Congo.
had they been truly ruthless, the Belgians might have exploited the Congolese without compassion.
he avidly reads the < Wall Street Journal >, and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years, then selling it for $300.
he threw out some of Hutchins' more wildly experimental courses, raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100, nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million.
in < Inside Africa >, John Gunther describes one of these, the Societe Generale, as" the kind of colossus that might be envisaged if, let us say, the House of Morgan, Anaconda Copper, the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, the Pennsylvania Railroad, and various companies producing agricultural products were lumped together, with the United States < government > as a heavy partner".
in one large oversimplification, it might be said that the Belgians felt, far too late, the gale of nationalism sweeping Africa.
indeed, the Belgians discouraged higher education, fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest.
it fell to Chancellor Kimpton, now a Standard Oil ( Indiana ) executive, to spend his nine-year reign tidying up Chicago after the 21-year typhoon of Idealist Robert Maynard Hutchins.
it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done, or failed to do, in the Congo since 1885.
it was their conviction that the people should be" brought up together", a grade at a time, until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history, economics and political science.
its boundaries had nothing to do with geography or ethnic groupings;
judge Bootle's decision:" the two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color".
last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech 's acting dean of the faculty: dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle, 57, who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( TIME, Cover, July 14, 1958 ).
one definition of paternalism is" The principle or practice, on the part of a government, of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children".
ordinarily a father permits his children to grow up in due time- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the Congolese child, if one imagines him to have been born in 1908, was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant.
out went letters to 60,000 old grads, asking for suggestions.
some schools were technical- the Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics to help exploit the land, and trained many.
such academic statesmen as James B& Conant were consulted.
the Belgian government itself took over administration, commencing a program of paternalism unmatched in the history of colonialism.
the Belgians also placed great emphasis on education.
the Congolese were clamoring for their independence, even though most were unsure what it meant;
the average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of" < la chatte >" and" < le chien >" and write his name.
the beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge cartels in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock.
the climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate.
the colony was administered from Brussels, with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote.
the debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator, but rather, as Trustee Chairman Glen A& Lloyd put it," a top scholar in his own right"- a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago.
the honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned- only their judgment.
the hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars.
the man was King Leopold 2, of the Belgians, who in 1885 concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good.
the population of the Congo is 13.5 million, divided into at least seven major" culture clusters" and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate dialects.
the real reason for his rejection, they argued, is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school.
the religions of the people include Christianity, Mohammedanism, paganism, ancestor worship and animism.
the state will appeal- but few think it will actually try to close the university.
their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the continent;
they also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food.
they lacked time to prepare the Congo, as the British and French had prepared their colonies.
they provided a social security system which covered all their African employes;
they put much effort into public housing.
they were determined by the points at which Leopold's explorers and gunmen got tired of walking.
this is an area nearly as large as Western Europe;
to make one nation out of these disparities would be a problem large enough in any case;
two committees pondered 375 possible Kimpton successors, including Adlai Stevenson, Richard Nixon, and Harvard's Dean McGeorge Bundy.
when the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were, among its 13.5 million people, exactly 14 university graduates.
would not the children, if they received all their food on the first day of the month, eat it up immediately, and later go hungry?
" I figured he was sick".
" the kid had a .45 automatic, like they issue in the Army", he said.
" the man was bent over with his hand on his stomach", Berry said.
" the old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to Cuba", McCauley said," and like a nut I raised my hand.
" the other fellow had a .38".
#CRIME: 'SKYJACKED' # From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston, as the great four-jet Boeing 707 flies, is a routine five hours and 25 minutes, including stopovers at Phoenix, El Paso, and San Antonio.
Chen was equally adamant in his opposition to the admission of Outer Mongolia;
Fred Mullen from Mercer Island, Wash&;
I thought he was the Air Force recruiter".
Jerry McCauley of Sacramento, Calif&, one of some twenty Air Force recruits on board, awoke from a nap in confusion.
John Salvador, a farmer from Palm Desert, Calif&, was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit.
Salvador saw the youth hold his .45 against the head of stewardess Lois Carnegey;
_STALLING:_" Tell your company there are four of us here with guns", the elder man told Rickards.
_TENSION_ The heat and strain began to tell on the Beardens.
a few minutes later, FBI agent Francis Crosby, talking fast, eased up the ramp to the plane, unarmed.
actually, the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane;
all week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs;
ambulances, baggage trucks, and cars surrounded it.
and one U&S& official said:" the key question now is which side picks up the phone first".
and that was not all.
as the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains, police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment.
at 12:50 p&m& a ramp was rolled up to the plane.
at 3:58 a&m&, with the plane about twenty minutes out of El Paso, passenger Robert Berry, a San Antonio advertising man, glanced up and saw the man and boy, accompanied by a stewardess, walking up the aisle toward the cockpit.
at 7:30 a&m&, more than three hours after landing, the Beardens gave an ultimatum: take off or see the hostages killed.
at one time, while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot, the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba.
but last week's pirates, like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( NEWSWEEK, Aug& 7 ), wanted to go to Havana.
but, he told the" skyjackers", the 707 did n't carry enough fuel to reach Havana;
everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at El Paso at 4:18 a&m&.
fla&, and Leonard Gilman, a former college boxer and veteran of the U&S& Immigration Service Border Patrol.
from the luggage, they learned that the two air pirates, far from being Cubans, were native Americans, subsequently identified as Leon Bearden, 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge, Ariz&, and his son, Cody, 16, a high-school junior.
however the President, who would like to woo the former Chinese province away from both Peking and Moscow, would promise Chen nothing more than an abstention by the U&S& if Outer Mongolia's admission comes to a vote.
in conferences with Nationalist China's dapper, diminutive Vice President Chen Cheng, Mr& Kennedy assured Chiang Kai-shek's emissary that the U&S& is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations.
in effect, he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared:" we shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk, and listen, with reason".
main purpose of the meeting: to discuss President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress.
most passengers did n't know what had happened until they got on the ground.
mr& Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to steal the plane, kept in touch throughout by telephone.
on the Latin American front, the President held talks with Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon before sending him to Uruguay and the Inter-American Economic and Social Council ( which the President himself had originally hoped to attend ).
other FBI men, talking with the pilot from the tower, conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana.
pfc& Truman Cleveland of St& Augustine.
several police cars, loaded with armed officers, raced alongside, blazing away at the tires of the big jet.
so did hostages Casey, Cleveland, and Mullen.
still more time was consumed while the pilot, at the radioed suggestion of Continental president Robert Six, tried to persuade the armed pair to swap the Boeing jet for a propeller-driven Douglas DC-7.
that left only the four crew members, Crosby, and Border Patrolman Gilman, all unarmed, with the Beardens.
the President also conferred with emissaries from Guatemala and Nepal who are seeking more foreign aid.
the day wore on.
the elder Bearden had one pistol in his hand, the other in a hip pocket.
the father, by accident or perhaps to show, as he said," we mean business", took the .45 and fired a slug between the legs of Second Officer Norman Simmons.
the ground crew, which ordinarily fuels a 707 in twenty minutes, took fully three hours.
the man put his .38 at the head of Capt& Byron D& Rickards.
the pilot radioed El Paso International Airport with just that message.
the plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a&m& in Phoenix.
the plane slowed to a halt.
the slugs flattened ten tires and silenced one of the inboard engines;
the tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a&m&, and Captain Rickards began taxiing toward the runway.
they chose four: Jack Casey, who works for Continental Airlines in Houston;
they found a large welcoming group- El Paso policemen, Border Patrol, sheriff's deputies, and FBI men, who surged around the plane with rifles and submarine guns.
they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy, who thought at first, as did most others, that it was four followers of Cuba's Fidel Castro who had taken over the 707.
they would have to refuel at El Paso.
thirty-one minutes later, when it took off for El Paso, hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard.
to Africa, he sent his most trusted adviser, his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, on a good-will mission to the Ivory Coast.
to Rickards, a 52-year-old veteran 30 years in the air, it was an old story: his plane was being hijacked in mid-flight again much as it had happened in 1930, when Peruvian rebels made him land a Ford tri-motor at Arequipa.
what the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages, along with the crew.
when Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week, there was no reason to think it would take any longer.
while Crosby distracted the Beardens, stewardesses Carnegey and Toni Besset dropped out of a rear door.
" Hodges predicted: ' I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U&S&.
" said Secretary Hodges: ' it 's a tough combination for the U&S& to face '.
" the Olivetti plant near Turin has < modern layout, modern machinery.
" three, < labor troubles > are infrequent.
" two, < wage costs > are a fraction of the U&S& costs.
## @ < Foreign competition > has become so severe in certain textiles that Washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive imports.
## @ A top American official, after a look at Europe's factories, thinks the < U&S& is in a" very serious situation" competitively.
## @ At the same time, < another purpose > of the conference will be to get certain low-wage countries to control textile exports- especially dumping of specific products- to high-wage textile-producing countries.
#EASIER ACCESS.# Progress is being made, too, in improving motorists' access to many turnpikes.
#FOR SOME ROADS, TROUBLES.# Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals.
< Hong Kong interests > loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain, while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market unrestrictedly.
< Hong Kong, India and Pakistan > have been limiting exports of certain types of textiles to Britain for several years under the" Lancashire Pact".
< Japan, > since 1957, has been" voluntarily" curbing exports of textiles to the U&S&.
< chief aims of the proposed conference > are worth noting.
< gradual, controlled expansion > of the world's textile trade is what President Kennedy wants.
< idea is > to let these countries earn their way as much as possible.
< important aspects > of the Kennedy textile plans are these: < an international conference > of the big textile-importing and textile-exporting countries will be called shortly by President Kennedy.
< it 's an important clue to Washington thinking.
< point is > that developing countries often build up a textile industry first, need encouragement to get on their feet.
< the Government will help > in transferring companies and workers into new lines, where modernization does n't seem feasible.
< the Indians and Pakistanis > are chafing under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons.
< the Japanese want to increase exports to the U&S& > While they have been curbing shipments, they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U&S& market.
< the Kennedy hope > is that, at the conference or through bilateral talks, the low-wage textile-producing countries in Asia and Europe will see that" dumping" practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas.
<" Olivetti had a special interest > for Hodges.
<" get competitive or get out".
> ## @ Note, too, that the Kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or shrinkage of the U&S& textile industry.
> < Commerce Secretary Luther Hodges, > accompanied by a member of our staff, on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies- < Fiat, > the auto producer, and < Olivetti, > maker of typewriters and calculating machines.
> in veiled terms, that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry.
> the firm is < design-conscious, sales-conscious, advertising-conscious.
>" Hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U&S&.
Fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years.
Olivetti took over Underwood, the U&S& typewriter maker, in late 1959.
West Virginia toll bonds have defaulted in interest for months, and, despite recent improvement in revenues, holders of the bonds are faced with more of the same.
a skilled worker on the assembly line, for example, earns $37 a week.
about half of these are exported.
already, however, several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins.
further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961, with the opening of a new bypass at Wichita, and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City, Kans&, and Kansas City, Mo&.
higher tolls are planned for July 1, 1961, on the Richmond-Petersburg, Va&, Turnpike, and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study.
if nothing is done, the prospect is that that road will be in default of interest in 1962.
if they have trouble exporting, international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would.
in the 12 months ended in February, 1961, this highway earned 93 per cent of its interest.
in the first two months of 1961, earnings of the Illinois highway available for interest payments were up 55 per cent from early 1960.
in these cases, the turnpike managements have had to turn to toll-rate increases, or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways.
it 's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full.
many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-even point.
many rate increases already have been put into effect.
meanwhile, there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years.
net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb& 28, 1961.
none of these countries is happy with these arrangements.
our staff man cabled from Turin as follows-" Follow Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant, and you learn this:" one, < modern equipment > - much of it supplied under the Marshall Plan- enables Fiat to turn out 2,100 cars a day.
success, for many turnpikes, has come hard.
that improvement is continuing.
the Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration.
the U&S& will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to < take more textile imports > from the less-developed countries over the years.
the inflow of foreign capital would help the U&S& balance of payments.
the recently unveiled < Kennedy moves to control the international textile market > can be significant for American businessmen in many lines.
the result has been that exports of Underwood products have doubled.
the typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement.
there are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas'".
these, however, are exceptions.
this may point the way toward international stabilization agreements in other products.
traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike.
traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates.
within a year, without reducing wages, Underwood's production costs were cut one third, prices were slashed.
" if once they become inattentive to the public affairs", Jefferson said," you and I, and Congress and assemblies, judges and governors, shall all become wolves".
@ #DEKALB BUDGET SHOWS COUNTY IS ON BEAM# DeKalb's budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance.
@ #LEAGUE REGULARLY STANDS ON THE SIDE OF RIGHT# The League of Women Voters, 40 now and admitting it proudly, is inviting financial contributions in the windup of its fund drive.
@ #LOOK TO COOSA VALLEY FOR INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS# Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission.
@ #POWER COMPANY BACKS CONFIDENCE WITH DOLLARS# Confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Company's record construction budget for this year.
@ #RUSK IDEA STRENGTHENS UNITED STATES DEFENSE# The Rusk belief in balanced defense, replacing the Dulles theory of massive retaliation, removes a grave danger that has existed.
@ #SOMEWHERE, SOMEBODY IS BOUND TO LOVE US# G& Mennen Williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly.
and the league takes a stand, with great regularity, on the side of right.
books are not the only resource of the system.
by limiting American strength too much to nuclear strength, this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war.
by maintaining the nuclear deterrent, but gearing American military forces to fight conventional wars too, Secretary of State Rusk junks bluff and nuclear brinkmanship and builds more muscle and greater safety into our military position.
certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law, the school bills, the increase in teacher pensions, the ban on drag racing, acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits, repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue.
chin up, Soapy.
consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a guidance program designed to promote well-planned library activities, cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences, workshops, and frequent visits.
coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov& Vandiver, the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech&.
fortunately it spared us from the usual spate of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but" the empire state of the South".
further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central billing.
headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center, to provide better methods of purchasing and selection.
headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days, threatening to expand beyond its boundaries.
in addition to the interlibrary loan service and the children's program, headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider grassroots support for quality library service in the county;
in all the turmoil, some good legislation was passed.
in the interim between now and next year, we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Georgia 's very real economic, fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political heroics.
it 's a good use of money.
it also weakened our diplomatic stance, because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity.
it includes a raise in the county minimum wage, creation of several new jobs at the executive level, financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts, and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare, fire protection, sanitation and road maintenance.
it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and use#ASSEMBLY SESSION BROUGHT MUCH GOOD# The General Assembly, which adjourns today, has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it convened.
it prepares cooperative displays ( posters, booklists, brochures, and other promotional material ) for use in member libraries;
it recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach.
it was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools, an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education.
local libraries find, too, that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system, and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library.
long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government.
newspapermen and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs.
no action has been taken, however, on such major problems as ending the fee system, penal reform, modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales.
only a token start was made in attacking the tax reappraisal question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state.
public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century, but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis.
sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters, where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups.
schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary, art, and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs, and to organizations in member communities.
some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action.
story hours, pre-school programs, activities with community agencies, and lists of recommended reading are all in the province of the children's consultant.
that such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners, headed by Chairman Charles O& Emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed, and other county officials.
that theory was and is sound.
the danger lay in the American delusion that nuclear deterrence was enough.
the danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers;
the final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need.
the harder the choice, the more willing the league is to wade in.
the league workers search out the pros and cons of the most complex issues and make them available to the public.
the legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions.
the most recent film catalogue, available at each library, lists 110 titles presently in the collection, any of which may be borrowed without charge.
the reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant, and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service.
the system passes on these savings to its members.
the system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together;
the undertaking has abundant promise.
then a full-time planning office will be established in Rome to work with a five-member Georgia Tech research staff for development of an area planning and industrial development program.
then he arrived in Zanzibar and found Africans carrying signs saying" American imperialists, go home".
there followed the historic appropriations and budget fight, in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers.
these women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but" Keep alive their attention".
this catalogue lists separately films suitable for children, young adults, or adults, although some classics cut across age groups, such as" Nanook of the North"," The Emperor's Nightingale", and" The Red Balloon".
this kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course.
this left the Soviets plenty of leeway to start low-grade brushfire aggressions with considerable impunity.
this session, for instance, may have insured a financial crisis two years from now.
this strategy heightened the possibility that we would have a nuclear war.
touring Africa, the new U&S& assistant secretary of state observed" Africa should be for the Africans" and the British promptly denounced him.
we congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation.
workshops are conducted by the system's audio-visual consultant for the staffs of member libraries, teaching them the effective use of film as a library service.
#LITTLE WAR, BIG TEST# Both Mr& K's have so far continued to speak softly and carry big sticks over Laos.
#NEW YORK: DEMOCRATS' CHOICE# Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization.
#PRAIRIE NATIONAL PARK# Thousands of buffalo (" bison" they will never be to the man on the street ) grazing like a mobile brown throw-rug upon the rolling, dusty-green grassland.
#WHISKY ON THE AIR# A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio.
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve.
Grasslands would extend, unfenced, unplowed, unbroken by silo or barn- as the first settlers saw them.
Mayor Robert F& Wagner must, as his opponents demand, assume responsibility for his performance in office.
Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr& Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post.
President Kennedy, already two quiet demands down, still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow.
a horizon even and seamless, binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth.
a law is needed.
actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table.
although the false glamour surrounding bourbon or other whisky commercials is possibly no more fatuous than the pseudo-sophistication with which TV soft-drinks are downed or toothpaste applied, there is a sad difference between enticing a viewer into sipping Oopsie-Cola and gulling him into downing bourbon.
and Secretary Rusk, en route to Bangkok, doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of Australian or Thai SEATO forces.
as Mayor, Mr& Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like.
as wars go, Laos is an extremely little one.
at his press conference Mr& Kennedy said," All we want in Laos is peace not war **h a truly neutral government not a cold war pawn".
at the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position.
both men are known to be honest and public-spirited.
but at the same time he moved his helicopter-borne marines to within an hour of the fighting.
but because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos, the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot, but would bog Washington in a tactical mess.
but for the United States and its SEATO allies to attempt to shore up a less tough, less combat-tested government army in monsoon-shrouded, road-shy, guerrilla-th '-wisp terrain is a risk not savored by Pentagon planners.
but for the safety of Southeast Asia, and for the sake of the Laotian people- who would not be well-ruled by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made.
but his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him.
but if anything can bring home to Mr& Khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this Braddock-against-the-Indians contest, it will probably be the fact that SEATO forces are ready to attempt it- plus the fact that Moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with Washington.
but since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers.
casualties have been running about a dozen men a day.
even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition.
for Mr& Kennedy, speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation.
for it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill.
fortunately both the Republicans and America's chief Western allies now are joined behind the neutral Laos aim of the President.
he must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says.
his election, on the other hand, would unquestionably strengthen the" regulars".
if this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish, it nevertheless must be made.
in the central contest, that for Mayor, they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other.
in this case he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr& Khrushchev for the third time.
it is ironic that Washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it bypassed as unreasonable.
mr& Wagner might or might not be a" new" Mayor in this third term, now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls" bosses".
past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy.
probably the best answer to this kind of entering wedge is congressional action requiring the Federal Communications Commission to ban such advertising through its licensing power.
remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about" salami" tactics, it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed.
simply because the subverting action of firms that are not members of the Distilled Spirits Institute and of radio and TV stations that are not members of the NAB tends to spread.
since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington, this approach might be expected to head off Mr& Khrushchev for the moment.
soon some members of the two industry groups doubtless will want to amend their codes on grounds that otherwise they will suffer unfairly from the efforts of non-code competitors.
starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters, the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations.
state Controller Arthur Levitt, on the other hand, cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown livelier interest in political power than in the city's welfare.
that picture of the American prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later cinema image of the West made in live-oak canyons near Hollywood.
the Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record.
the National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials.
the National Park Service now proposes to preserve an area in Pottawatomie County, northeast Kansas, as a" Prairie National Park".
the Park Service makes an impressive ecological and statistical case for creating this new park.
the State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954, and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier Souvanna Phouma.
the glass may seem trivial but Communist official hooliganism feeds on such incidents unless they are redressed.
the hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters.
the new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by issuing callable bluffs.
the road to a guaranteed-neutral, coup-proof Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain.
the vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party.
the world awaits Mr& Khrushchev's choice of alternatives.
there the buffalo would roam, to be seen as a tapestry, not as moth-eaten zoo specimens.
these are, of course, the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote.
they, too, have links with the city's ills.
while all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools, law enforcement and fiscal policies.
why, then, with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor ads, is it necessary to seek congressional action?
wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved.
" fools", he bayed," what do you think you are doing"?
#FEATHERBED REVERSAL# A recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the Southern Pacific Co& and the Order of Railroad Telegraphers has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information.
#MEDITATIONS FROM A FALLOUT SHELTER# Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side.
#MONUMENT TO TOGETHERNESS# REACHING AGREEMENT on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami's hardest tasks.
#THE CUSTOMER LOSES AGAIN# The board of suspension of the Interstate Commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain, as they had planned to do this month.
#a SHOCK WAVE FROM AFRICA# WORD OF Dag Hammarskjold's death in an African plane crash has sent a shockwave around the globe.
a nuclear pacifier of these dimensions- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally- would certainly produce a bigger bang, and, just for kicks, Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St& Louis to the moon, where there would n't even be any beer to drink.
additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need.
all nine members of the Inter-American Center Authority voted for Goodbody + Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center.
also, normal personal attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less academic.
another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from Mexico City with the daily hijacking of an American plane by a demented Algerian with a gun.
as head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace, and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs precariously.
but if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly, it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach.
but the internationalists have taken over the governing body of the bar, and when the lads met in St& Louis, it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful, despite an imperfection here and there.
by reducing rates as much as 60 per cent, it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines.
even when public bodies arrived at a consensus, at least one dissenting vote has been usual.
he courageously defended the rights of small nations, and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc.
he earnestly urged a cease-fire.
he gave his life for his beliefs.
he had sought talks with Moise Tshombe, the secessionist president of Congo's Katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody.
he was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice.
his firm hand will be desperately missed.
his policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to ignite the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape.
if the indenture is accepted, the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue.
if the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice.
it is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments.
it is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism.
it was on the eve of a momentous U&N& session to come to grips with cold war issues.
it was, the brief writers decided," man's best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world".
less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man, Che Guevara, who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas, Venezuela.
less than half the sum has been spent, since the Interama board pinched pennies during that period of painstaking negotiations.
meanwhile, in Moscow, Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT, to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can n't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism.
mr& Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace.
otherwise, UN will march blindly on to certain defeat.
our comment was that this was" featherbedding" in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement.
pass the iron rations, please, and light another candle, for it 's getting dark down here and we 're minded to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away.
peace, it 's wonderful, and" world law", it 's wonderful, too, and should n't we get an international covenant extending it into space, before the Russians put some claim jumper on the moon?
perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes, but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that, but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests, these things would not happen.
so we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity.
that is the hope of mankind.
the Congo, in whose cause he died, was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs.
the U&N& session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing.
the U&N&-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired.
the board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws.
the contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen, who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium.
the craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana, where, for some unknown reason, Castro rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister, a passenger, who is not an admirer of old Ten O 'Clock Shadow.
the death of Mr& Hammarskjold removes the United Nations' most controversial leader.
the editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year.
the next step awaits approval today by the Metro commissioners as the members of the Dade County Port Authority.
the only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we are n't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations, but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort.
the plane was sent back to the United States, for a change, but Castro kept the crazy gunman, who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution.
the request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway, which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional, smaller car.
the same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April, which, we trust, is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev.
the situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries.
the solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands.
the statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers, but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life.
the story of the fatal crash is not fully known.
the widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract.
then Goodbody will hand over a minimum of $15.5 million for developing the spacious Graves Tract to house the center.
they allotted $500,000 three years ago to support Interama until its own financing could be arranged.
too many have bogged down in bickering.
when the recent Katangan outbreaks imperiled these solutions Mr& Hammarskjold, despite the danger, flew to exert a calming influence.
whether this, or overt action, was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined.
while he was at it, the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can n't appreciate coexistence thru suicide.
#HELP WHEN NEEDED# @ IF THE Dominican Republic achieves free, democratic government, it will be due in large part to the U&S& show of force that enabled President Balaguer to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship.
@ #BETTING MEN# @ FORECASTING economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist.
@ #DETERRENT# @ THE Army, Navy and Air Force, among others, may question Secretary Freeman's claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the" strongest deterrent" to the spread of communism.
@ #MATTER OF SURVIVAL# @ THOSE watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935.
@ #WHAT' S WRONG AT STATE# @ A SENATE subcommittee headed by Sen& Jackson of Washington has been going over the State Department and has reached some predictable conclusions.
American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long, long time.
James P& Mitchell, when he was the head of the department, promised to eat his hat if unemployment did n't drop below three million a couple of years ago.
President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance.
Walter Reuther, leader of the industrial union faction of the AFL- CIO, says another two years of this squabbling will be disastrous for all American labor.
and thus far, Mr& Freeman has offered very little relief.
but automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs.
but competent observers believe he is making progress, particularly toward what Sen& Jackson lists as the primary need-" a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them".
but now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a prognosticator of unemployment trends.
but the citizens would, of course, never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious.
but the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer.
but the jurisdictional disputes that result from the craft-industrial rivalry do not win friends for labor.
but the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the" greatest single source of strength" in the struggle to insure freedom around the world.
but there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad Trujillo's waterfront shouting," Vive Yankees"!
but those who would revitalize so complex an organization must, first of all, overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures, suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes.
craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim, such as factory maintenance.
despite the lip service paid by local governments, the anti-secrecy statutes have been continuously subverted by reservations and rationalizations.
engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival, this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds.
had U&S& warships not appeared off the Dominican coast, there is every possibility that the country would now be wracked by civil war.
he is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride- a new record high in personal income, an increase in housing starts, a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods.
he lost, but settled for a cake in the shape of a fedora.
he will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate, finally, the forces of authoritarianism, pro-Trujillo and pro-Castro alike.
his successor, Secretary Goldberg, also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months.
in cooperating toward that objective, OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States.
in exchange for higher price supports, growers pledged reduction in planted acreage.
in fact, over the years, the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar.
more, the U&S& action was hailed by a principal opposition leader, Dr& Juan Bosch, as having saved" many lives and many troubles in the near future".
mr& Balaguer is in control, and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring.
mr& Balaguer's troubles are by no means over.
mr& Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production- or even by the Soviet's successes in space.
mr& Goldberg has less reason for missing.
mr& Mitchell had an excuse for losing- the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated.
mr& Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen& Jackson's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved.
no betting man, Mr& Goldberg says he 's merely" putting my neck out again" by predicting the rate will go down this month.
none of the Trujillo family remains.
nor does Sen& Jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the White House of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy.
now, as then, it is a matter of jobs.
or that's what it looked like at the time.
outwardly, Ciudad Trujillo is calm.
perhaps, as Mr& Freeman says, American agriculture may stop the Communists, but it is also swindling the American taxpayer.
self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress.
since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted, but not until this year did the lawmakers in Sacramento plug the remaining loopholes in the Brown Act.
that breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations.
the 1961 feed grain program, which the secretary sponsored, has been declared a billion dollar fiasco.
the Jackson report will provide some of the political support Mr& Rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged, as Sen& Jackson puts it," in work that does not really need doing".
the concept of labor as a special class is outmoded, and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world, labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive.
the department needs a clearer" sense of direction" at the top and it needs fewer, but better, people, Sen& Jackson says.
the full implementation of these noble words, however, has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature.
the issue was sufficiently potent in 1935 to spark secession from the American Federation of Labor of its industrial union members.
the people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know.
the result: $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget.
the subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department.
this should n't surprise the secretary;
this tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates.
ultimately either the Trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a takeover by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba.
we submit that this is a most desirable effect of the law- and one of its principal aims.
when all else fails, it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations.
whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as, say, Jimmy Hoffa of the Teamsters, is a matter of conjecture.
within the Organization of American States, there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously.
without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more speedily.
#AN EXCESS OF ZEAL# Many of our very best friends are reformers.
#MISSION TO VIET NAM# Gen& Maxwell Taylor's statement in Saigon that he is" very much encouraged" about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend dispatching United States troops to bolster the Vietnamese Army.
#MR& EISENHOWER, POLITICIAN# As President, Dwight D& Eisenhower often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics.
#QUEEN OF THE SEAS# The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed, luxury, and impeccable British service on the high seas.
#THE FAGET CASE# The White House itself has taken steps to remove a former Batista official, Col& Mariano Faget, from his preposterous position as interrogator of Cuban refugees for the Immigration Service.
Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis.
Congressman Walter has been all-powerful in immigration matters, but he has announced plans to retire in 1962.
Ex-Presidents, relieved of accountability for policy, sometimes seem to feel free of accountability for their words.
South Viet Nam's rice surplus for next year- more than 300,000 tons- may have been destroyed.
a new queen, with the prosaic title of Q3, had been planned for several years to replace the Queen Mary.
after all, it goes back to the days in which sedition was not un-American, the days in which the Sons of St& Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and violence- the British government that is.
also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard Eagle Airways which has applied to serve New York.
and while he had headed Batista's anti-Communist section, the Batista regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists.
as a former President, however, Mr& Eisenhower abandoned this role to engage in partisan sniping during a New York Republican rally, and generally missed his target.
at that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen& Swing.
but it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name.
but the Cunard line, influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment, has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at least.
competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run.
economy class fares and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the airlines.
even though headquarters actually have been moved into the Chatham building, do they believe that they can make the new name stick?
finally, Mr& Eisenhower found nothing but confusion in Washington.
further, do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo?
gen& Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office.
gen& Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and, judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East, he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military, economic, political and other resources.
granted that the Tammany name and the Tammany tiger often were regarded as badges of political shame, the sachems of the Hall also have a few good marks to their credit.
having whipped Mr& De Sapio in the primaries and thus come into control of Tammany Hall, they have changed the name to Chatham Hall.
his official term expired last summer.
his words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding.
instead of attempting the impossible, why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black?
it was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit.
moreover, Col& Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in" screening" Castro agents;
mr& Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in Nigeria to attack the entire Corps as a" juvenile experiment" and to suggest sending a Corps member to the moon.
mr& Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder statesmanship.
nobody can deny the right of former Chief Executives to take part in politics, but the American people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility.
nothing that is likely to happen, however, should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions.
nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad.
reports that the venerable liner, which has been in service since 1936, was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us.
responsibility for the Faget appointment rests with Gen& J& M& swing, an Eisenhower appointee as head of the Immigration Service.
since 1957, more and more trans-Atlantic passengers have been crossing by air.
some of former President Truman's off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein.
some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend, Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania, at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get.
still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far.
take, for example, the reformers among New York City's Democrats.
that might go over.
the British government, concerned about the threat of unemployment in the shipbuilding industry, had put through a bill to give Cunard loans and grants totaling $50,400,000 toward the $84,000,000 cost of a new 75,000-ton passenger liner.
the Colonel fled to the friendly haven of the Dominican dictatorship as soon as Castro seized power.
the Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons.
the Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds.
the Faget case was the kind of salvage job the Administration should not have to repeat.
the Indochina struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954, when Gen& Ridgway estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were losing.
the Kennedy Administration had assured anti-Castro Cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator Batista.
the Viet Cong, the Communist rebels, may have lost their stored grain and arms factories.
the crisis has been renewed since then but the confusion has hardly been compounded.
the decline of the Cunard line from its position of dominance in Atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation.
the former President blithely ignored recent history in speaking of" dollarette" dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies.
the rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November.
there was good reason for Gen& Taylor to make an inspection trip at this time.
they will- when they give up the donkey and the elephant.
this is a matter of respect for the Presidency.
this statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis, when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too.
this was juvenile ridicule.
this would be cheaper to operate and could be used for cruises during the lean winter months.
using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro.
without a great acceleration in the metropolitan area's economy, there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters, and St& Louis will slip into second-class status.
" Sir, I know the cannery helps".
" do n't ask me if I think the cannery helps", he said.
" is it so the cannery is going to close"?
" the cannery", said Mrs& Lewellyn Lundeen, an active booster of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941, to handle the" victory garden" produce," is a service to the taxpayer.
" the county, though, seems more interested in those people who do n't even try, those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food".
" what in the world", echoed others, those come with the beans, potatoes, the tomatoes," will any of us do"?
#AND NOW- MORE JUNK MAIL# A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail.
#DR& CONANT' S CALL TO ACTION# Dr& James B& Conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and unemotional school reformer.
@ #OUR CREDITORS DO NOT FORGET US# Letter writing is a dying art.
Moss, a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county, does n't believe it will close.
a call for action" before it is too late" has alarming implications when it comes from a man who, in his previous reports on the schools, cautioned so strongly against extreme measures.
a driver of a dairy truck, who begins work at 1 a&m& finishes before breakfast, then goes out and grows a garden, and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five, asked," What in the world will we do"?
a three-man committee has recommended to Commission Chairman Charles O& Emmerich that the DeKalb County cannery be closed.
and now, the woman, tired and trembling, came here to the DeKalb County cannery.
and one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat, to plant, grow vegetables and put them up.
but DeKalb citizens, those who use the facilities of the cannery, say the cannery is not supposed to make any money.
but he is in the middle, an employe of DeKalb, but on the side of the people.
but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools.
but these are side issues to a powerful central theme.
dr& Conant has come away shocked and angry.
dr& Conant may underestimate the psychological importance of even token equality.
dr& Conant's conscientious, selfless efforts deserve the nation's gratitude.
he did say he was out of cans, the No& 3's, but" I requisitioned 22,000".
he did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer.
he has served in positions of greater glamour, both at home and abroad;
he said he had No& 2's enough to last two weeks more.
he was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps, names, addresses or even zone numbers.
his earlier reports considered the American public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change.
his new book, entitled" Slums and Suburbs", calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster.
his strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood, in the interest of integration, will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for, and achieved, this open or permissive enrollment.
his suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical, law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend.
in accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress, each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters, speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district.
it could n't close, she said.
it helps those people who help themselves.
it labels the slums, especially the Negro slums, as dead-end streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters.
most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter.
most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard.
nor in South Georgia, where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields.
now, a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities, including New York, has shattered this optimism.
o& N& Moss, 61, tall, grey as a possum, canning plant chief since 1946, did n't know what to say.
occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another, but these are mostly typewritten.
old, tired, trembling the woman came to the cannery.
reason: the cannery loses $3,000 yearly.
she had done it last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and she, and her people were dependent upon these cans for food.
she had raised a calf, grown it beef-fat.
she had, she said, heard that the plant was closing.
she had, with her own work-weary hands, put seeds in the ground, watched them sprout, bud, blossom, and get ready to bear.
she was ready to kill the beef, dress it out, and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup, broth, hash, and stew against the winter.
that theme cuts through hypocrisies, complacency and double-talk.
the dairy truck driver;
the facts, he adds, are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools, regardless of the color of their students.
the old couples.
the old woman with the stew.
the villains of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these youngsters, and Dr& Conant accuses employers and labor unions alike.
the widespread purge that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress, and the Central Committee it will elect, will all have passed the tightest possible Khrushchev screening, both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job.
the young married people;
there is one thing I know;
there is room for disagreement concerning some of Dr& Conant's specific views.
these warnings must not be treated lightly.
this did not happen in counties of North Georgia, where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land.
this happened in Decatur, DeKalb County, not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta.
this means an added burden to innumerable postmen, who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay, and it presumably means an increased postal deficit, but, our correspondent writes, think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis.
threat of closing the cannery is a recent one.
when a person has thoughtlessly or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say," Just forget it".
" but", it said," do you always < know > when you 're happy"?
" such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these endowments", he told his members.
## Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due, we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul.
#@# It had begun with the blue jay feather.
@ ## And so the young minister resigned, to go and study and pray, having never passed a day, he told his parishioners, when" I did not gain from you far more than I ever gave to you".
a man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving.
a minister should not stay" beyond the time that his leadership should benefit" his church, he wrote," **h for he becomes ordinary **h".
all day long Mr& Podger, who was a straw-hat man in the summer, had worn the feather in the band of his broad-brimmed sunshield.
and a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to.
and the turtle?
and there, on the way, had been the box turtle, that slow, self-contained, world-ignoring relic of pre-history, bent, for reasons best known to itself, on crossing the road.
but Mr& Podger and the driver of the sports car waved at each other.
but how little love we give him.
but it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine, linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the asters by the lake.
but oh, how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest, and peace, in myself".
for a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama.
hardly.
he closed his eyes and let the unintelligible drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him.
he does not expect to get great riches or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach.
he had that day attended a country auction, and he had come back with a prize.
here in the cool darkness Mr& Podger could still feel the warmth of midday, could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road, could still see the friendly grin on the young, sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight.
here, in the cool, autumn-touched evening, Mr& Podger mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace.
his very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister, a modest Methodist, who said:" I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men, and I would have it no other way: and it is unworthy to think of self.
if he will n't break, we add to the stress he bears.
if we break the minister to our bit, we are buying back our own sins.
imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church.
in the midst of it all, Mr& Podger came out on the Pod porch, alone.
it spoke for many in the clergy, I suspect.
it was doing very well, too, having reached the center, and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr& Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car.
it was the cry of not just one heart;
mr& Podger always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at Loon Lake.
mr& Podger sat down in it, pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow, rhythmic motions, and then swung his feet up into it.
mr& Podger smiled.
mr& Podger took no chances.
mrs& Podger had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it, and there it was, slung in a vine-shaded corner, the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow, caressing movement.
suddenly one young voice rose above the others.
taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it, Mr& Podger stepped into the road, lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness.
the church truly is not a rest home for saints, but a hospital for sinners.
the evening was not always spent in the same way.
the good ones are not motivated to seek vainly, nor are they disposed to covet comfort, or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity.
the little cottage was bursting with people of all ages.
the narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
the prize was an old-fashioned, woven cloth hammock, complete with cross-top pillow, fringed side pieces, and hooks for hanging.
the pulpit is a lonely place.
the small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet.
the three would never meet again, but for some reason or other Mr& Podger was sure he would always remember the incident.
the turtle immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon.
the voice sank back into the general tangle of sound, but the question stayed in Mr& Podger's mind.
the winging spread of blue had gone on, calling harshly, into the wood.
theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards.
then, since the auction was being held nearby, he had walked to it.
this year, on a night cool with the front of September moving in, but with plenty of summer still about, the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod.
walking along the lake before breakfast, Mr& Podger had seen the feather, and the bird that had lost it in flight.
we do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty, but we add to their burden, while expecting them to bestow saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week, American cash.
we expect bestowal of God's love through him.
we expect him to be noble, and to make us so- yet he knows, and tries to tell us, how very humble man must be.
we press him to conform to our comfortable conceptions and not to bruise our satisfactions with his word, and God 's.
what was he doing?
where was the driver now?
who stops to think of that?
would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day?
would he take pains to avoid it?
would the driver see the turtle?
yet every Sunday we sinners go to that emergency room to receive first aid, and we leave unmindful that the man who ministered to us is a human being who suffers, too.
" from Triandos, Brandt and Walker", answers Richards.
" it 's a whole lot easier", he said," to increase the population of Nevada, than it is to increase the population of New York city".
" now, if I can just figure out what he 's talking about, I 'll use it".
" that is undoubtedly a hell of a quote", said the writer, scratching his head.
" they' re the ones we can expect to do better".
#@# This could never happen in my native Chicago.
#BREEDING MIGHT MOVE UP# Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs.
#ROBBY COULD BE BETTER# Brooks Robinson is great, and it is conceivable that he 'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960.
#TWO SPOTS OPEN# This was just Richard's way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open.
( 2 ) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes;
Hank Foiles, backed up by Frank House who will be within calling distance in the minors, make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year, but Gus is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant.
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start, which might very well set him back.
I 'm still not convinced, though, I 'll have to see more of him before predicting that big year for him.
I have a hunch Marv Breeding might move up a notch.
Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season.
Robby's performance last year was tremendous.
Triandos has n't proved it yet, but he says he 's convinced his thumb is all right.
_MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH 17._ An out-of-town writer came up to Paul Richards today and asked the Oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year.
after three months of research, I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I 've ever encountered.
and the pitching will also have trouble doing better.
and with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher.
at the risk of losing my charge-a-plate at Marshall Field and Company, I would like to challenge an old and hallowed stereotype.
but even so, he had a good year in 1960 and will n't do too much better.
but it is done, consistently and I 'm both surprised and impressed.
but they expect to reduce his over-all offensive production.
do n't ask him more.
during one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street.
failing this, he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly.
he 'll still be a top player, they concede, because he 's got a great glove and the long ball going for him.
he can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane A;
he can often make the complex ridiculously simple, and vice versa.
he got off to an exceptional start last season, and under the circumstances probably will n't duplicate it.
he has n't played too much, because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice.
he jammed it this spring and has had to rest it, but he says the old injury has n't bothered him.
if he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years, the club will have to be better off offensively.
if they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint.
in Chicago, the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back.
it 's the same with Ron Hansen and jim Gentile.
it should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year, but so far it has n't worked that way.
now Richards, of course, is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go.
obviously, if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League, it will have to show improvement someplace.
or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate, thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions, thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair.
played mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles, it goes like this: a driver cruising easily at 70 m&p&h& in Lane A of a four-lane freeway spies an incipient traffic jam ahead.
since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago, I 've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship.
so, all in all, the infield can n't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first.
some brilliant rookies nailed them down, so that this spring just two spots, left and right field, are really up for grabs.
the adjacent driver in Lane B has three choices open to him.
the man is right, and at this time, indications are that these three are ready for better seasons.
the really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access.
there are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year.
there such soggy acquiesence would be looked upon as a sure sign of deteriorating manhood.
they do n't expect to stop him, just slow him down some with the bat.
they should n't be asked to carry any more of the burden.
this angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one.
this happened to be vice versa, but even so, the answer was a masterpiece.
this negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways, however, does an injustice to Southern California drivers.
to me, Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year.
traffic in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he pokes a tentative fender into Lane B, which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 m&p&h&.
where can that improvement possibly come from?
where, then, can we look for improvement?
whether or not this is done out of enlightened self-preservation, I do n't know.
you 'd never guess it from the way they' ve played so far this spring, but there remains a feeling among some around here that the Orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961.
you can n't expect it, though.
you certainly can n't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year.
#@# Carvey considers that former Vice President Nixon would be Brown 's most formidable foe, with ex-Gov& Knight a close second.
#@# For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr& Freud, Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves.
#@# Moreover, the entire state Democratic hierarchy, from Gov& Brown on down to the county chairmen, also participates in this huge operation.
#@# Their meeting at San Francisco is nominally scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council directorate.
#@# Viewed from afar, the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid: its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees, and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups- 500 or so.
#CHINESE INFLUENCE# For a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine English Chippendale furniture, fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically Chinese-inspired design of this revered Eighteenth Century period.
( quotations follow".
( significantly, bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw Mosk moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles.
) #@# NOTE: we 've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg&, which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal.
) TASS datelined Los Angeles, in English to Europe:" former Vice President Nixon came out in support of President Kennedy's program for stepping up the arms race.
California Democrats this weekend will take the wraps off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters, party clubrooms and workers' backyards.
Carvey believes that reapportionment, which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries, actually will increase CDC membership.
President Kennedy's latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was somewhat surprisingly, reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron Curtain.
TASS from Moscow in English to Europe:" the American press clamored for many days promising President Kennedy would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States.
_2_- Blueprints for doubling the CDC's present 55,000 enrollment.
_3_- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan& 26-28.
_4_- And proposals for a whole series of lesser candidate-picking conventions in the state 's 38 new Congressional districts.
among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color.
an amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings, and, by picking up her living room color scheme, add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room.
and they' re confident that the GOP, currently assailed by dissensions within the ranks, will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this grassroots-fueled machine.
at least, I have found it so.
at the head of the CDC is an unorthodox, 39-year-old amateur politico, Thomas B& Carvey Jr&, whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes Aircraft's moon missiles.
biggest organizational problem, he adds, is setting up CDC units in rock-ribbed Democratic territory.
but it will include 200-odd officeholders, organization leaders and" interested party people".
but the rest of the GOP gubernatorial aspirants do n't worry him very much.
contrarily, Republican" volunteers" go their separate ways, and thus far have given no indication that they' d be willing to join forces under a single directorate, except in the most loose-knit fashion.
evidently the war drum beating and hysteria so painstakingly being stirred up in the West have been planned long in advance.
he 's approached his Democratic duties in hard-nosed engineering fashion.
he also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension: specifically to crush the Cuban revolution, resume nuclear testing, resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations, and postpone non-military programs at home".
hence the attention they' re lavishing on the CDC.
in all probability, the council will screen and endorse candidates for the Assembly and for Congress, and then strive to put its full weight behind these pre-primary favorites.
in fact, the world heard nothing but sabre-rattling, the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President.
in his CDC work, Carvey has the close-in support and advice of one of California's shrewdest political strategists: former Democratic National Committeeman Paul Ziffren, who backed him over a Northland candidate espoused by Atty& Gen& Stanley Mosk.
it is a short course in Communese.
it works with English, Russian, German, Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue.
like most Democratic spokesmen, Carvey predicts 1962 will be a tremendously" partisan year".
modern embroidered panels, framed and meant to be hung on the wall, are another aspect of this trend.
much of its strength stems from the comfortable knowledge that every" volunteer" Democratic organization of any consequence belongs to the CDC.
naturally, the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council.
now listen closely: Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England: #@#" President Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals, to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat, as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism.
once you learn how to translate Communese, much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer.
one such, in fact, is a rug.
out of this session may come: _1_- Plans for a dramatic, broad-scale party rally in Los Angeles next December that would enlist top-drawer Democrats from all over the country.
over 4 million shares were sold, the highest figures since early June.
paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor, strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis.
shunted aside by the rampant organizers for John F& Kennedy last year, who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign, the CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962.
since the work is done by hand, the only limitation, it is said," is that of human conception".
state Sen& Dick Richards will keynote;
state and county committeemen, CDC directors and representatives, members of 16 area clubs, and" all residents" have been invited.
the Soviet news agency TASS datelined from New York in English to Europe:" President Kennedy's enlargement of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American munitions industry.
the West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms drive".
the twirled, stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England.
the work is executed in England ( by hand ) and can be worked in any desired design and color.
then the Communese reply came back from many mouthpieces with striking consistency.
there is evidence that it will be happily received by Gov& Brown and the other constitutional incumbents.
these have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts.
they accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty.
they seem darned proud of it.
this bodes heated contests in several districts where claims have already been staked out by Democratic hopefuls who do n't see eye-to-eye with the CDC.
this is going to be a language lesson, and you can master it in a few minutes.
though not actually crewel embroidery, it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue, pink, bronze and gold and a sauterne background.
traditional crewel embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country.
when the stock exchange opened this morning, many dealers were quick to purchase shares in Douglas, Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially.
where only one club existed before, he says, two will flourish henceforth.
" and Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfill all righteousness.
" and Jesus, when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water: and lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him".
" but John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?
" we have a tremendous amount of talent- but we lack cohesion".
#CLEARER MEANING# Certainly, the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical teachings, in the New English Bible which reads:" then Jesus arrived at Jordan from Galilee, and he came to John to be baptized by him.
#MOSTLY CONTEMPORARY# For the most part, however, the new version is contemporary and, as such, should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ.
#NOT RIVAL# The New English Bible ( the Old Testament and Apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the King James Version, but, as its cover states, it is offered" simply as the Bible to all those who will use it in reading, teaching, or worship".
#ON THE JOB# A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences: in his first six weeks in office he presided over 96 conferences, attended 35 official breakfasts and dinners, studied and signed 285 official papers and personally took 312 telephone calls.
' I need rather to be baptized by you '.
' do you come to me '?
( the paragraphing, spelling and punctuation are reproduced as printed in each version.
) among the most frequently quoted Biblical sentences are the Beatitudes and yet so few persons, other than scholars, really understand the true meaning of these eight blessings uttered by Jesus at the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount.
@ #KIND MR& SAM# Among the many stories about the late Speaker Rayburn is one from Rep& Dwyer, R-6th Dist&.
Beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing.
Bible reading, even more so than good classical music, grows in depth and meaning upon repetition.
Jay Gould kept a cow on one de luxer.
Jesus replied, ' let it be so for the present;
John then allowed him to come.
John tried to dissuade him.
THE 350th anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament, the first part of the New English Bible, undertaken as a new translation of the Scriptures into contemporary English.
_@_ Sen& Case R-N&J&, has received a nice" thank you" note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado.
_WASHINGTON_- Rep& Frelinghuysen, R-5th Dist&, had a special reason for attending the reception at the Korean Embassy for Gen& Chung Hee Park, the new leader of South Korea.
after baptism Jesus came up out of the water at once, and at that moment heaven opened;
air Force life is great, the cadet wrote," though the fourth-class system is no fun".
discoveries recently made of old Biblical manuscripts in Hebrew and Greek and other ancient writings, some by the early church fathers, in themselves called for a restudy of the Bible.
for example, in the third chapter of Matthew, verses 13-16, describing the baptism of Jesus, the 1611 version reads:" then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.
for their's is the kingdom of heaven".
he invited Mr& Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team" We have just returned from Roswell, N&M&, where we were defeated, 34 to 9", the young man noted.
he said;
he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove to alight upon him";
however, Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies, as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced.
however, an initial perusal and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical scholars.
if this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years, it will not survive the ages as has the King James Version.
in addition Rep& Frelinghuysen's brother Harry was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War 2,.
in addition, he said, he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he would n't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life.
in the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains, however, the old phrase" angel of the church" which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop.
mr& Dwyer said that although it was obvious that Mr& Rayburn was not well he stopped, gave the youngster his autograph, asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to Congress.
mrs& Dwyer's husband, M& Joseph Dwyer, was taking a 10-year-old boy from Union County on the tour of the Capitol during the final weeks of the last session.
next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen, who was secretary of state in 1883 and 1884, and Gen& Lucius Foote, who was the first minister to Korea.
not only is Mr& Frelinghuysen a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and Korea, Frederick T& Frelinghuysen, secretary of state in the administration of Chester A& Arthur.
one is impressed with the dignity, clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary English, and there is no doubt that the meaning of the Bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language than in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the King James.
originally recorded by hand, these words have been copied and recopied, translated and retranslated through the ages.
prof& C& H& Dodd, 76, a Congregational minister and a leading authority on the New Testament, is general director of the project and chairman of the New Testament panel.
since it was issued in the spring of 1611, the King James Version has been most generally considered the most poetic and beautiful of all translations of the Bible.
some of the poetic cadence of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one, but almost anyone, with a fair knowledge of the English language, can understand the meaning, without the necessity of interpretation by a Biblical scholar.
the New Testament offered to the public today is the first result of the work of a joint committee made up of representatives of the Church of England, Church of Scotland, Methodist Church, Congregational Union, Baptist Union, Presbyterian Church of England, Churches in Wales, Churches in Ireland, Society of Friends, British and Foreign Bible Society and National Society of Scotland.
the kingdom of Heaven is theirs".
the new version states:" how blest are those who know that they are poor;
the only answer will be continuous study.
then he suffered him.
then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision, in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages.
there is one danger, however.
they enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman, who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives, where they are available on microfilm.
they ran across Mr& Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph.
this is not contemporary English.
this resulted in revisions of the King James Bible in 1881-85 as the English Revised Version and in 1901 as the American Standard Version.
time, of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose.
to a novice that is significant.
to have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth.
to illustrate, the first blessing in the King James Bible reads:" blessed are the poor in spirit;
two days later Mr& Rayburn left Washington for the last time.
undertaken by 32 American scholars, under the chairmanship of Rev& Dr& Luther A& Weigle, former dean of Yale University Divinity School, their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version, 1946-52.
we do well to conform this way with all that God requires'.
with contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age, some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic.
Decca is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction.
Dover" publishes" what the company calls" Listen and Learn" productions designed to teach foreign languages.
Edison could hardly have guessed, however, that Sophocles would one day appear in stereo.
Howard Mitchell and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases, designed for grades one and two.
Hugh Downs is heard interviewing Wright, for an added prestige fillip.
RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called" Adventures in Music", which is an instructional record library for elementary schools.
actions speak louder.
and he will avoid eye-strain in the process.
as a comtemporary bonus, the set includes Carl Sandburg's address at a joint session of Congress, delivered on Lincoln's birthday two years ago.
but even mother 's loving attitude will not always prevent misbehavior.
but explanations leave him confused and unmoved.
but the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the" smaller, less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries", and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings.
but the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market.
during this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience.
every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb.
everything from poetry to phonetics, history to histrionics, philosophy to party games has been adapted to the turntable.
for sheer ambition, take the Decca series titled modestly" Wisdom".
for those who" like poetry but never get around to reading it", the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work.
he does n't want her to look frowningly at him, or speak to him angrily.
he just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull' s-eye.
he wants Mommy to think him a good boy.
he wants to be called sweet, good, considerate and mother's little helper.
his answer was simple but honest.
his desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him, in order to overcome them.
his own inner voice, which should tell him what not to do, has not developed.
if Daddy's books are out of bounds his own picture books are not.
if he bites a playmate she says," Danny will n't like you".
if he can n't play with Mommy's magazines, he should have some old numbers of his own.
if he snatches a toy, she says," Caroline wants her own truck just as you do".
if his mother loves him, he clings to that love as a ballast.
if the record buyer's tastes are somewhat eclectic or even the slightest bit esoteric, he will find them satisfied on educational records.
in an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future, Herbert A& Leggett, banker-editor of the Phoenix" Arizona Progress", reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties.
investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this acrobatic dancer had turned magician and was only doing a best seller book to make some dough.
it motivates his behavior.
it will n't develop until he has words with which to clothe it.
newest on the list are John Ciardi, W& D& Snodgrass, I& A& Richards, Oscar Williams, Robert Hillyer, John Hall Wheelock, Stephen Vincent Benet, Edwin Muir, John Peal Bishop and Maxwell Bodenheim.
one of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication.
one of the roughest was the TV quiz shows, which gave him inferiority complexes.
people who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull' s-eye achievements.
previous presentations have been on French, Spanish, Russian, Italian, German and Japanese.
remove temptations.
remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior.
she can decrease the number of temptations.
she can remove all knick-knacks within reach.
she should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child.
she tells him of the consequences of his behavior.
substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act.
teaching guides are included with each record.
thanks to Spoken Arts Records, history buffs may hear Lincoln 's" most memorable speeches and letters" in a two-disc set, interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer Roy P& Basler.
the child understands no. he senses his mother's disapproval.
the conscience is non-existent in the 2-year-old.
the fewer nos she has to utter the more effective they will be.
the program was instituted in 1940, and releases are available only from the Recording Laboratory of the Library of Congress, Washington 25, D& C& A catalogue is available on request.
the promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it.
the respective vocabularies" essential for travel" are available in separate albums.
there 's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications.
there is no use trying to" Explain" to a 2-year-old.
these sages include poet Carl Sandburg, statesman Jawaharlal Nehru and sculptor Jacques Lipchitz, in Volume One, and playwright Sean O 'Casey, David Ben-Gurion, philosopher Bertrand Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the second set.
this breaks his heart.
though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and phonies, it did irreparable damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent, well-informed American.
toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove.
two poets are paired on each record, in the order given above.
volumes One and Two, selected from the sound tracks of a television series, contain" conversations with the elder wise men of our day".
what can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior?
" if an opponent accuses you of lying, do n't deny it.
" they are just asking too much", he said.
Bostitch, Inc& is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax.
Griffin's Rural Roads Authority and Byrd 's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like pauper's oaths.
Ike 's somewhat like George Washington.
a Republican survey says Kennedy won the ' 60 election on the religious issue.
after the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum, this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history.
and it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity, when the bravado comments are cast aside.
and just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race"?
as this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow.
both won a pretty fair-sized war with a modest assist from British strategy.
but State Party Chairman James Gray of Albany said no, and he did n't mince any words.
but further thought brings the shuddery visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature, the spectre of big spending programs, the ooze of mudslinging before the campaign should even begin.
but it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to downgrade John F& Kennedy.
but the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to compelte its work before choosing up sides for the race.
but when former Gov& Marvin Griffin and Lt& Gov& Byrd accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November, the situation was aggravated.
congressmen returning from recess say the people admire President Kennedy so much, they' re even willing to heed his call to sacrifice- and give up his program.
every legislator from Brasstown Bald to Folkston is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political allegiances, not his convictions.
farmers called their mule-drawn pickup trucks" Hoover carts".
first of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested.
former British Prime Minister Attlee says Eisenhower was not a" great soldier".
hoped-for legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever.
how unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt& Gov& Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government Operations?
if either one ever started making promises, there is no telling where the promises would end.
if it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring, and then carry all the candidates on a tour of debates, it can provide a service to the state.
if they also defeat the school bill, the GOP task force will n't have much research to do.
in order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure.
in that decade the partisan zeal to defend Mr& Hoover, and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression, caused a great majority of Americans to see the Republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash.
it has arranged a campaign for governor.
it is in fact entirely consistent with your suggestion of modest industrial development to help pay governmental costs.
it wanted the State Democratic Executive Committee to pick the" serious candidates".
it will early know why the party will n't win back city votes.
it would present a forum for them in almost every community.
neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation.
one may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership has n't meant to repeat this error.
say he is a horse thief", runs an old adage.
slogan of the John Birch Society:" paddle your own canoe.
smokers reduced to" the makings", spoke of the sack tobacco as" Hoover dust".
that this is not good politics is underscored by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new President is conducting the nation's business.
the 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars.
the 1962 General Assembly has important business to consider.
the Chamber has not arranged a pre-legislative forum.
the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates.
the Providence Journal editorial ( Jan& 25 ) entitled" East Greenwich Faces a Housing Development Problem" points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours.
the Republican party was not lacking in humanity, but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble.
the demand for these lots can be met for some time to come.
the guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist".
the most articulate Republicans are those who, in their desire to get back at Mr& Kennedy, already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed, and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care.
the situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months, causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual.
the tragedy is that it will not be able to transact that business in any responsible manner.
the trouble is that at first glance the idea looks like such a good one.
the wisdom of granting such tax exemptions is another matter, but this particular instance is, in my opinion, completely satisfactory.
there are other dangers: politics is an accelerating game.
there isa way out of this.
these men are spenders.
this land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town.
this would seem to indicate that we are trying neither" to halt an influx of migrants" nor are we" setting up such standards for development that only the well-to-do could afford to buy land and build in the new sites".
to have refused would have been political suicide.
too many people were afraid if the GOP won, they' d have to spend all their time praying.
we can n't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates, either.
what we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development.
why not have them travel the state in November debating?
with our current $3 per hundred tax rate, it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should" try to develop a modest industrial plant" as the best way to meet these problems.
your suggested solution, it seems to me, is grossly oversimplified and is inconsistent with your generally realistic attitude toward, and endorsement of, sound planning.
#"a LOUSY JOB"# _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration, exasperation, exhaustion, and even panic.
@ #MARKETING MEAT# _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- In reply to a letter in today's" voice" urging the sale of meat after 6 p& m&, I wish to state the other side of the story.
@ #MASARYK AWARD# _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- The granting of the Jan Masaryk award August 13 to Senator Paul Douglas is a bitter example of misleading minorities.
@ #QUESTIONS SHELTERS# _EVANSVILLE, IND&, AUG& 5_- Defense Secretary Robert S& McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars.
@ #SHORT SHORTS ON THE CAMPUS# _CHICAGO, AUG& 4_- It seems college is n't what it should be.
@ #SUBSIDIES FROM CTA# _OAK PARK, AUG& 8_- In today's" Voice", the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens.
@ #THE LEGION CONVENTION AND SIDNEY HOLZMAN# _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- I, too, congratulate the American Legion, of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years, on the recent state convention.
@ It seems that open season upon veterans' hospitalization is once more upon us.
CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children, policemen, and firemen.
Douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed Masaryk, and against principles Masaryk died to uphold.
Douglas has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom [ public housing, foreign aid, etc& ].
I am the wife of the owner of a small, independent meat market.
I refer to the attire worn by the students.
I regret that Bertha Madeira [ today's" Voice" ] obtained incorrect information.
also, many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them.
an adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals.
and my husband has n't had a vacation in 14 years.
as a result, it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient.
but if we closed the store for a vacation, we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block.
but no President ever before referred to his as a" lousy job" [ as Walter Trohan recently quoted President Kennedy as doing in conversation with Sen& Barry Goldwater ].
but why is it the special responsibility of the CTA to help these people?
do they, the A&M&A&, offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system unsurpassed anywhere in the world?
during his aggressive campaign to win his present position, Mr& Kennedy was vitriolic about this country's" prestige" abroad.
education should be uppermost in their minds, but with this attire how can anyone think it is so?
first of all, the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient.
he has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record.
high school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students.
if a customer wishes a special cut, it will not be available.
if the President of the United States really feels he won himself a" lousy job", then heaven help us all.
if the doctor is conscientious, he wants to study the patient.
independent market owners work six days a week;
is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few years?
it looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on bettering themselves.
let us prepare for peace, instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization.
many high school students go past my house every day, and they look like perfect ladies and gentlemen.
most women, in this age of freezers, shop for the entire week on week-ends, when prices are lower.
my husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a& m& to 7 p& m& the early part of the week, and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends.
nevertheless, we wonder at the stand of the A&M&A& on the health problem confronting the aged.
no matter how hot the day, they are dressed properly and not in shorts.
no, we are not greedy.
now he is apparently expected to give up his evenings- and Sundays, too, for this is coming.
rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly, and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration.
secondly, the VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital, he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient.
so he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or surgery.
the American Medical Association is once again grinding out its tear-soaked propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer.
the American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization.
the meat cutters' union, which has a history of being one of the fairest and least corrupt in our area, represents the little corner markets as well as the large supermarkets.
the public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a VA hospital, the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other.
the responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a VA hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital.
the scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground, sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter.
the welfare of citizens, old and young, is the responsibility of the community, not only of that part of it that rides the CTA.
there is a trend to packaging meat at a central source, freezing it, and shipping it to outlying stores, where meat cutters will not be required.
they opposed the Forand bill, which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction;
this sum spent for foreign economic aid, the peace corps, food for peace, or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace, increased world trade, and prosperity for every country on the globe.
this we can sympathetically understand.
top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time.
upon a visit to a local junior college last week, I was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing Bermuda shorts.
we are slowly being regimented to having everything packaged, whether we want it or not.
we veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness.
what does he think a remark like this" lousy" one does to our prestige and morale?
what it is trying to do is to protect the little man, too, as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores, with choice of cut being made by the consumer, not the store.
why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should?
why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection?
yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate.
@ #"DEEP PEEP SHOW"# The viewers of the" deep Peep Show" at 15th and M streets nw& have an added attraction- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp.
@ #"NATURAL CAUSES"# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- An old man is kicked to death by muggers.
@ #COUNTY COLLEGE COSTS# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- Permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to.
@ #PARKWAY COURTESY# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- I hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll booths on the Garden State Parkway.
@ #PETS IN APARTMENTS# It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs.
@ #PRAISES EXHIBIT# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit" Our Changing Skyline in Newark".
@ #SUPPORTS KATANGA# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England, we insisted, through the Declaration of Independence, that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity.
@ #TAXING IMPROVEMENTS# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- Your editorial," Housing Speedup", is certainly not the answer to our slum problems.
@ #WORKING FOR PEACE# Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National Legislation was interviewed on the air.
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide.
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York, it is listed as" death due to natural causes".
I would ask," Why not do both"?
_1._ He said," Let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression".
_2._ As to protection, the speaker disapproved of shelters, pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone.
_3._ The speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face.
_4._ Lastly, the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it" Civilian Defense".
although the wood has been changed to coal, much of it still retains its original cell structure.
are we not late, especially those of us who call ourselves Friends, in doing enough about this lack of understanding?
by political, economic, geographic and natural standards, they were justified in doing so.
change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties.
civil Defense has far to go and many problems to solve, but is it not in the best spirit of our pioneer tradition to be not only willing, but prepared to care for our own families and help our neighbors in any disaster- storm, flood, accident or even war?
far from creating fear, as the speaker suggests, preparedness- knowing what to do in an emergency- gives people confidence.
if the world comes to this, would n't it be the very time when courage and American know-how would be needed to help survivors rebuild?
in 1950, Public Law 920 created Civil Defense ( different from Civilian-groups of World War 2, ), a responsibility of the Government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster, natural or manmade.
in addition, would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a leash?
in the United Nations Charter, the right of self-determination is also an essential principle.
in the clay are entombed millions of pollen grains and spores which came from plants growing in the region at the time.
is this a reason for saving no one?
it is a revelation of what has been done, what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by architects' plans, models and pictures.
it is high time the United States began to realize that the God-given rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga.
it should also make him desire to participate actively in civic, school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit.
it shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every Newarker proud of this city.
it was very refreshing.
it will be at the museum until March 30.
it will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders, which" shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed, levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes".
many of our young people think it would.
military power does not cause war;
none will be elected.
one even gave my little dog a biscuit.
our entire economy will have a terrific uplift.
recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere.
since two of these could be trustees of the college, actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue.
some of the stumps are as much as three feet long, but most of them have been flattened by the pressure of the overlying sediments.
the 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in < The Washington Post >, August 2, 1955, which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger.
the United States and the U&N& denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist oppressors and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the Katangans.
the approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is required to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college.
the bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny.
the fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay.
the medical examiner states that death was due to" natural causes".
the people of Katanga had fought for, and obtained, their freedom from the Communist yoke of Antoine Gizenga, and his cohorts.
the procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly startle many taxpayers.
the trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate.
the very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions.
then see what a boom in all trades, as well as slum clearance at no cost to taxpayers, will happen.
these microfossils indicate the swamp was" formed during the Lower Cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing.
this board will consist of two of the trustees of the college, and the director and two members of the board of freeholders.
this is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing.
this is taxation without representation.
this, again, applies to Katanga.
twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site, a black coal-like deposit has been encountered.
under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be appointed;
war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people.
while I respect his sincere concern for peace, he made four points that I would like to question.
would the man with an empty life boat row away from a shipwreck because his boat could not pick up everyone?
#FAIR-PRICED FUNERAL# _TO THE EDITOR:_ I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled.
#GHOST TOWN?# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I just wish to congratulate Inspector Trimmer and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles.
@ # 'WE TREMBLE NOT' # _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Everyone should take time to read Martin Luther's Hymn" A Mighty Fortress Is Our God".
@ #CHURCH FINDS NEWS FEATURES ARE HELPFUL# _TO THE EDITOR:_ At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the Trumbull Ave& United Presbyterian Church, considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible.
@ #DEFENDS BIG TRUCKS# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there would n't be an Expressway.
@ #DUNES PARK ADVOCATE# _TO THE EDITOR:_ I commend Senator Hart for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area.
@ #HELPING RETARDED CHILDREN# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Recently I visited the very remarkable Pilgrim School for retarded children.
@ #JOBS FOR CAVANAGH# _TO THE EDITOR:_ I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat, but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago.
@ #OUT OF SCHOOL AT 14# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter" SIMPLETON" instead of" SIMPLICITUDE".
@ #RUDE YOUNGSTERS# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Thank you for the article by George Sokolsky on the public apathy to impudence.
@ #TWO WRONGS# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right!
@ #WHY TRUST JAGAN?# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just because Cheddi Jagan, new boss of British Guiana, was educated in the United States is no reason to think he is n't a Red.
Hazel Park donates its recreation center, five days a week, to the school.
I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is.
I have been absolutely shocked at the ineptness of the young ladies who are servicing person-to-person calls, special long-distance calls, etc&.
I repeat, two wrongs do not make a right.
Kiwanis, American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support.
Southfield schools furnish an old 45-passenger bus ( the heater in which needs repair since some of the children ride a long distance and need the heat ).
after all, they are paid by the public, they should be examples.
although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars, a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road.
are we to be the master of the atom, or will the atom be our master- and destroy us!
as I see it, if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back, the nuclear weapons we now have- at least the bombs- can inflict all the demage that is necessary.
but the hospitals and doctors should be.
drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out.
educate the city employes to give real service to the public.
either it is lack of training, lack of proper screening when hiring, lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company, which does have a Government-blessed monopoly.
enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon.
especially the first half of the third verse: @ @ #OUT OF THE RACE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ To our everlasting shame, we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
from necessity, they are also inspired by the" hard-sell" attitude of the sponsor, so, finally, it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his advertising.
good for Mr& Trimmer.
having led the world in this mad race I pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race.
he should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night.
how can we old-fashioned parents, who still feel that adults are due some respect from children, battle the new type of advertising that appears on TV without denying the children the use of television entirely?
how old do you have to be to remember when Americans, especially children, were encouraged to be polite?
however, there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators.
if an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it.
in the last few years the telephone company has managed to automate many areas of their service.
it has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing.
maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare, DPW and sanitation.
maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a" ghost" town.
mr& George Hough ( Oct& 30 ) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop.
negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great.
our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case.
reading, writing and simple arithmetic are taught along with such crafts as working in brass.
some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration, the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes a Day, as being very helpful.
such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden.
the funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price, far less than I had expected to pay.
the school is located at 9-1 Mile road, Woodward Heights.
the trucks today help pay for this highway.
there are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school.
there are lots of jobs available for trained high school graduates, but not for the dropouts.
there is no charge and no state aid.
there should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling.
they make beautiful objects.
they try to keep within the speed limits.
visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do.
we feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines.
we have now a quiet city, fewer automobiles, less congestion, and fewer retail customers shopping in center city.
what we need is more vocational training in high schools, not more dropouts.
why do we need bigger and better bombs?
why has this form of gentility gone out of American life?
will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of children?
without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future.
writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of" modern" parents they have observed.
" only a discontinuity can end it", Professor Morrison writes.
" the discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction, or that of diplomatic policy".
#ESCALATION UNTO DEATH# The nuclear war is already being fought, except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets- not yet.
#THE TIDE TURNS# When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands, paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists.
#VACANCY# The removal of Stalin's body from the mausoleum he shared with Lenin to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history.
@ #DISPUTES STANS COLUMN BUSINESS SCANDAL VIEWS# _TO THE EDITOR:_ The new column by Maurice Stans regarding business scandals, is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit.
Berlin's resilience is amazing, but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed".
I must, in fairness, take issue with his premise, primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals.
Khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of animosity he has aroused, yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following compulsively in his footsteps.
Khrushchev threatens us with a 100-megaton bomb?
Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China, it is the most vulnerable of the great powers- Europe of course must be written off out of hand.
West Berlin morale is low and, in age distribution, the situation is unfavorable.
a British writer, Richard Haestier, in a book, < Dead Men Tell Tales >, recalls that in the turmoil preceding the French Revolution the body of Henry 4,, who had died nearly 180 years earlier, was torn to pieces by a mob.
a compromise will leave both sides without the glow of triumph, but it will save Berlin.
a sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the corrupting as by unscrupulous labor leaders demanding tribute.
and in England, after the Restoration, the body of Cromwell was disinterred and hanged at Tyburn.
and now, of course, the hue and cry for counter-escalation is being raised on our side.
another piece of evidence appears in a dispatch from Bonn in the < Observer > ( London ).
anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders.
but if his purpose was to inspire terror, his action could hardly have miscarried more obviously.
but to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly.
capable as their minds may be in some directions, these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning, or even of observing.
contemplating these posthumous punishments, Stalin should not lose all hope.
escalation is their first love and their last;
further, it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act.
he feels, therefore, that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take.
he has gained only one thing- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges.
he seems to have at least a few 30- and 50-megaton bombs on hand, since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock.
his proposal is opposed to that of Richard Nixon, Governor Rockefeller, past chairmen Strauss and McCone of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr& Edward Teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war.
however, he states unequivocally" the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor".
if this capacity had not failed them, they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous miscalculation.
it is being fought, moreover, in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories.
it is, in fact, a relatively mild chastisement of the dead.
mark Arnold-Foster writes:" people are leaving [ West Berlin ] because they think it is dying.
nearly 18 per cent of West Berlin 's 2,200,000 residents are sixty-five or older, only 12.8 per cent are under fifteen.
not terror, but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere.
or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence, if that is what the West wants.
r& H& S& Crossman, M&P&, writing in < The Manchester Guardian >, states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700, but of 1,700 a week, and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week.
so be it- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety, and neutron bombs, which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing.
so escalation proceeds, ad infinitum or, more accurately, until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds.
some time ago, however, Mr& Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made, the Soviet Union would make them.
state Department officials refusing to show their passes at the boundary, and driving two blocks into East Berlin under military escort, will not avail.
tanks lined up at the border will be no more helpful.
the area most prominently commented on during the McClellan hearings had to do with" sweetheart contracts".
the biggest nuclear device the United States has exploded measured some 15 megatons, although our B-52s are said to be carrying two 20-megaton bombs apiece.
the escalation must end sometime, and probably quite soon.
the flood is not as great- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account- but it is symptomatic.
the gallant half-city is dying on its feet".
the handwriting is on the wall.
the head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster, and the rest of the body was buried under the gallows.
the materials for compromise are at hand: < the Nation >, Walter Lippmann and other sober commentators ( see Alan Clark on p& 367 ) have spelled them out again and again.
the official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people.
the only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city.
the weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany, but the hard truth, says Crossman, is that" The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German, as distinct from Russian, troops was a major Communist victory, which dealt West Berlin a deadly, possibly a fatal, blow.
these arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes.
these gentlemen are calling for a resumption of testing- in the atmosphere- on the greatest possible scale, all in the name of national security.
they are leaving so fast that the president of the West German Employers' Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months' front-line work in factories in West Berlin.
they are less vocal now, when it is the West Berliners who are migrating.
they predicted escalation, and escalation is what we are getting.
they will be faithful unto death.
thus, when the Russians sent up their first sputnik, American chagrin was human enough, and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable.
what is needed, Philip Morrison writes in < The Cornell Daily Sun > ( October 26 ) is a discontinuity.
when one powerful nation strives to emulate the success of another, it is only natural.
whole families are moving and removal firms are booked for months ahead.
#HOW MUCH FALLOUT WILL WE GET?# As of October 25, the AEC had reported 24 shots in the new Soviet series, 12 of them in a megaton range, including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons ( the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of TNT );
#RESUMING ATMOSPHERIC TESTS# ONE OF THE inescapable realities of the Cold War is that is has thrust upon the West a wholly new and historically unique set of moral dilemmas.
Pauling's estimate of 200 megatons yield from the present series of Russian tests will probably turn out to be too high, but a total of 100 megatons is a distinct possibility.
a holier-than-thou sermon was not.
a recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated:" the question of the biological effect **h of [ radiation ] doses is not considered" herein.
after a nuclear blast, one bureaucrat suggested in those halcyon days, about all you had to do was haul out the broom and sweep off your sidewalks and roof.
after declaring, in an article last month in < Frontier > magazine, that the Russian testing" carries with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world", he gave this estimate of the biologic and genetic consequences if the new Soviet shots totaled 200 megatons: the damage to human germ plasm would be such that in the next few generations 160,000 children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects.
all of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood.
an illustration of this attitude is found in John A& McCone's letter to Dr& Thomas Lauritsen, reported in a note elsewhere in this issue of < The New Republic >.
and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported.
as it descends, the concentration of radioactivity builds up in the human body;
as the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and invisibly around the earth, the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race.
as the trap is sprung.
assuming the lower figure for the big blast and one shot estimated by the Japanese at 10 megatons, a conservative computation is that the 24 announced tests produced a total yield of at least 60 megatons.
but for the average citizen, unfortunately, this is one of science's worst-marked channels, full of tricky currents and unknown depths.
but more than one conscientious researcher has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less excusable fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem.
but the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles" will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations, and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States".
but the guilt is shared by the United States, Britain and France, the other members of the atomic club.
dr& Linus Pauling, a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry, has been less ambiguous, whether you choose to agree with him or not.
for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies.
hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government, but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens, which would certainly alter it, and definitely for the better.
having hedged its bets in this way, PHS apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all:" at present radiation levels, and even at somewhat higher levels, the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected".
if it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout, it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests.
if the new Soviet series has followed the general pattern of previous Russian tests, the shots were roughly half fission and half fusion, meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far.
if we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive, say beyond 25,000 < per annum >, then < somebody > is going to hang, it follows that the more eminent the victim, the more impressive the lesson.
in any event, the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a hecatomb too large to be justified by the most ardent faith.
independence Day is the appropriate date as a symbolical reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights, the first of which is life, and when any government becomes subversive of that end, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it.
it would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices- for instance, the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon, not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis, or, as it is generally termed, staying put.
its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing.
long-lived carbon-14 from the fusion process would cause four million embryonic, neonatal or childhood deaths and stillbirths over the next 20 generations, and between 200,000 and one million human beings now living would have their lives cut short by radiation-produced diseases such as leukemia.
more recently, the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr& Glenn T& Seaborg," admitted" to a news conference in Las Vegas, Nevada, that the US might fall behind Russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we abstain.
moreover, the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political, but at least partially, and perhaps primarily social.
most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere, where the fallout is concentrating.
nonetheless, although few in number they are a stubborn crew, as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists, which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith.
now, of course, that the Russians are the nuclear villains, radiation is a nastier word than it was in the mid-1950s, when the US was testing in the atmosphere.
of course, the AEC is in a bind now.
on October 19, after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices, Ambassador Stevenson warned the UN General Assembly that this country, in" self protection", might have to resume above-ground tests.
on the one hand, the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots" do not warrant undue public concern" or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the US.
perhaps there is more truth than we are wont to admit in the conviction of that ornament of Tarheelia, Robert Ruark's grandfather, who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is" all this gallivantin'".
shock, dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions;
since appeals to morality, to humanity, and to sanity have had such small effect, perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example.
so the Commission's announcements of the new Soviet shots have been confined to one or two bleak sentences, with the fission yield usually left vague.
so, all things considered, the highway commissioners would seem to be elected.
so, while we properly inveigh against the new poisoning, history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr& Khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible threat.
some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons, and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated.
somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason.
that dilemma is as much with us as ever.
the effect of radiation is cumulative over the years- and on to succeeding generations.
the first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself.
the highway system is an agency of government, and when it grinds up 40,000 Americans every year the government is destroying its own taxpayers, which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do.
the lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups, from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn.
the prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout, if not exactly good for you, might not be much worse than a bad cold.
the scientists, in and out of government, do not agree on some of the most vital points, at least publicly.
the second great dilemma has been the morality of nuclear testing, a dilemma which has suddenly become acute because of the present series of Soviet tests.
the trial balloons are afloat.
then it added:" it is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be- nor how many people will be affected".
then, to conclude on an indeterminate note:" nevertheless, if fallout increased substantially, or remained high for a long time, it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world".
things are n't that simple anymore.
to hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways;
to this day the Atomic Energy Commission shies away from discussing the health aspects of fallout.
to this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November, 1958.
true, the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor, even a miniscule sect, and their credo," Home-keeping hearts are happiest", is as disreputable as Socinianism.
until Moscow resumed nuclear testing last September 1, the US and UK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the Russians, and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down.
yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout, it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count.
" the President says", the translator came in," that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in Southeast Asia, and that everywhere you went, you would seek the answer to your question.
#ETHICS AND PEACE# INTRODUCTION of the" dialogue" principle proved strikingly effective at the thirty-fourth annual meeting of the Catholic Association for International Peace in Washington the last weekend in October.
( he always smiles- at least at visitors, I gather.
**h ) He smiled, and said a word or two to the interpreter, who turned to me," The President wonders where you are going after you leave Taipei"?
Chiang spoke again, this time at greater length.
I answered the routine question about my itinerary, rather coolly.
I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I spoke, though granted they were, almost all, members of the official family who, presumably, harbor official thoughts.
I recalled sympathetically the Duke's complaint in Browning's" My Last Duchess".
I was searching for an accent of self-delusion or, even, of hypocrisy.
a Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the" divine law", while a C&A&I&P& member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U&N& nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent.
and then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to Chiang Kai-shek:" in America", I said," practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland.
and yet Mr& Kennedy persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of" tightening up" and" economizing".
another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself.
anti-recession programs- aid for the unemployed, their children and for depressed areas- account for only 900 million of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit.
any information we have here in Taiwan is at your disposal".
but I questioned, also, professional soldiers, who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism.
but a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed, and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues.
but the army which Mao continues to feed well, where are its sympathies?
even so, it adds up to impossible odds, except that the question arises, On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight?
every soldier in the army has, somewhere, relatives who are close to starvation.
everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question.
fair enough.
for every person on Taiwan, there are sixty in Mainland China.
he says that if he were to express to you, once again, his own profound determination to go to the Mainland, and his faith that that return is feasible, he would merely sound redundant.
he smiled also at a British bloke seated next to me, who asked the most asinine questions.
he smiled.
if the raw population figures are crucially relevant, then it is idle to think of liberation, as idle as to suppose that Poland might liberate Russia.
in the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law, which Dr& William V& O 'Brien of Georgetown University, advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy.
it has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization.
it is generally conceded that the Formosan air force is the best by far in Asia, and the army the best trained.
it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the Christian imperative.
it was expected that the comparison of different approaches to ethics would produce a better grasp of each other's positions and better comprehension of one's own.
less than 60-1, but at least 6-1.
morale?
one effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts: knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest" tactical" atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use- to defend Berlin, for example;
our complaint is that in many crucial areas the Kennedy programs are not too large but too small, most seriously in regard to the conventional arms build-up and in aid and welfare measures.
relative military manpower?
say four million.
sessions devoted to" Ethics and Foreign Policy Trends"," Moral Principle and Political Judgment"," Christian Ethics in the Cold War" and related subjects proved to be much livelier under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves.
several effects were immediately evident.
skill?
so you yourself must seek these objective data, and come to your own conclusions.
speakers declared that Protestants often make use of it, if, perhaps, by some other name.
that Aristotelean-Thomistic principle experienced a thorough going-over from a number of the participants, but in the end the concept came to reassert itself.
that, I smarted, is a royal rebuff if ever there was one.
the armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about 450,000, though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated.
the estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army.
the immediate families of the generals and the admirals are well fed: a despot does not economize on his generals.
the impression was unmistakable that, whatever one may choose to call it, natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence.
the miserable people of China, the largest cast ever conscripted to enact an ideological passion play, cannot themselves resist overtly.
the morale is very high.
the party that won used to say something about a New Frontier.
the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account;
the psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family, cultivated in China over thousands of years.
the soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion, it is assumed: but will their discontent spread to the officer class?
the stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable.
their answer was: it can be done, and we will do it.
they think, perforce, of physical survival: everything else is secondary.
training?
two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants, and when the speaker was a Catholic, one" discussant" on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion.
usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader.
we wish the President would remember that" fiscal responsibility" was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election.
what are the relevant data?
what evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that, and that it can be done"?
#BROADWAY# _THE UNORIGINALS_ To write a play, the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination, the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it.
#KEY TO THE PUZZLES# Most immediately relevant to these episodes in Goa, Katanga and Ghana, as to the Suez-Hungary crisis before them, is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of Asia, Africa and Latin America.
#NIGHTCLUBS# _THE COOCH TERPERS_ < He:" come with me to the casbah".
#WHAT THE MOMENTS REVEAL# This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows: < under prevailing policy, the U& S& can take the initiative against the Right, but cannot take the initiative against the Left >.
( even granted that the Congo should be unified, you do n't protect Western security by < first > removing the pro-Western weight from the power equilibrium.
) we can force Britain and France out of the Suez, but we cannot so much as < try > to force the Russian tanks back from Budapest.
< Becket, > by France's Jean Anouilh;
< advise and Consent, > lively but shallow theater drawn from the mountainously detailed bestseller;
< face of a Hero > ( closed ), based on a Pierre Boulle novel.
< the Hostage > ( closed ), by Ireland's Brendan Behan.
< the U& S& cannot take the initiative against the Left >.
> and < My Fair Lady >.
> that exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan, as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue, where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights, Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing.
Off-Broadway, where production is still comparatively cheap, is proving itself only slightly more original.
_BEST FROM ABROAD._ Of straight dramas, there are < All the Way Home, > which owes much of its poetic power to the James Agee novel, < A Death in the Family;
_DRY OF LIFE._ Originals are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad.
among the musicals, < Camelot > came from T& H& White 's < The Once and Future King, > and novels were the sources of the less than momentous < Tenderloin > and < Do Re Mi.
and it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the Left.
and other defenders invariably argue that, after all, Shakespeare and Moliere were adapters too.
and particularly in the musical field, adaptations have long been the rule, from < Die Fledermaus > and < The Merry Widow > to < Oklahoma!
as Critic Walter Kerr points out:" adaptations, so long as they are good, still qualify as creative".
as our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans, we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally, Portugal.
between performances, enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces.
but that explanation is only partly true.
clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals- < A Taste of Honey, > by Britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) Shelagh Delaney;
customers often bring their children;
except for the odd uptown sex maniac or an overeager Greek sailor, the people watch in calm absorption.
from this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the" uncommitted" (" neutralist"," contested" ) nations, especially on those whose leaders make the most noise- Nehru, Tito, Nkrumah, Sukarno, Betancourt, etc&.
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists.
if we grasp this orientation as a key, our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible.
in the forthcoming < The Conquering Hero > and < Carnival, > Broadway is not even adapting books, but reconverting old movies ( < Hail the Conquering Hero > and < Lili > ).
in the very week of our war against Katanga, we make a $133 million grant to Kwame Nkrumah, who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist bloc, and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship.
it is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international- and in some degree our domestic- policy.
it makes no difference what part of the world is involved, what form of regime, what particular issue.
laudably enough, it is offering classics and off-beat imports, but last week only one U&S& original was on the boards, Robert D& Hock's stunning Civil War work, < Borak >.
most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book, squeeze it dry of life, and add only one contribution of their own: stage technique.
no matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo.
no matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men.
no matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa.
nowadays, more and more, all he needs is someone else's book.
our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in neutralist eyes.
several more will open soon.
she:" by subway or cab"?
small, shirt-sleeved orchestras play in 2 or 4 time, using guitars, violins, and more alien instruments with names that would open Sesame: the oud, grandfather of the lute;
so far this season, Broadway's premieres have included twice as many adaptations and imports as original American stage plays.
some memorable plays have been drawn from books, notably < Life with Father > and < Diary of Anne Frank >.
the Suez-Hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration, but only made more consistent and more active.
the Wall, > awkwardly based on the John Hersey novel;
the belly < boites, > with their papier-mache palm trees or hand-painted Ionic columns, heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish families.
the darbuka, a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glass;
the difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world;
the most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense- producers cannot afford to take chances.
the only original works attempting to reach any stature: Tennessee Williams' disappointing domestic comedy, < Period of Adjustment, > and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty < Invitation to a March >.
the only other works at least technically original were dreary farces- < Send Me No Flowers > ( closed ), < Under the Yum-Yum Tree, Critic's Choice >.
the real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U&S& playwrights.
their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd Street burlesque joints, but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis.
there is even some question whether the U& S& can any longer < defend > itself against an initiative by the Left.
to get started, he does not scan the world about him;
we can attack Tshombe, but not Gigenza.
we can mass our fleet against the Trujillos, but not against the Castros.
we can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola, but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall- much less, give the simple order to push the Wall down.
we officially receive the anti-French, Moscow-allied Algerian FLN, but we denounce the pro-Europe, anti-Communist OAS as criminal.
what explains this uni-directional paralysis?
wildcat > and < The Unsinkable Molly Brown > were originals, but pretty bad, leaving top honors again to an import- the jaunty and charmingly French < Irma La Douce >.
## BUT ONE cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated" anti-party" group would be totally unnecessary if there were not, inside the party, some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds, on the actual methods to be employed in the" transition to communism" and, last but not least, on foreign policy.
## OVER ALL these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly;
Khrushchev, for all his bombastic prophecies about the inevitable decay of capitalism, is genuinely favorable to" peaceful coexistence" and would like, above all, the Berlin and German problems to be settled peacefully;
Mikoyan declared:" Molotov altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence, reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather, the absence of war at a given moment, and to a denial of the possibility of averting a world war.
Molotov, in particular, is being charged with all kinds of sins- especially with wanting to cut down free public services, to increase rents and fares;
ON a misty Sunday morning last month, a small band of militant anti-Communists called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here.
a 60 mm& mortar and a 57 mm& recoilless rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along.
after a tortuous drive in an open truck and a World War 2, army jeep down soggy trails, the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long, low ridge and a creek-filled gully.
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in" a growing number of < kolkhozes >" the peasants are finding it more profitable, to surrender their private plots to the < kolkhoz > and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm.
and one cannot but wonder whether Marshal Malinovsky, who was blowing hot and cold, exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West, was n't trying to keep the Chinese quiet.
and the Chinese, as the Albanian incident shows, have strong suspicions that Khrushchev is anxious to secure a" shameful" peace with the West.
and this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb.
and, as we know, the Virgin Lands are < not > producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped.
and, though he repeated, over and over again, the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980, the" ordinary" people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how" communism" is really going to work in practice, especially in respect of food.
as we know, the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot;
but Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia.
but if he is up against China 's crusading spirit in world affairs, he is going to be faced with the most agonizing choice in his life.
but it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere- in the first place from China, but perhaps also from that" China Lobby" which, I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago, exists on the quiet inside the party.
but to the Minutemen, this is a serious business.
eleven men, a woman and a teen-age boy tramped over cold, damp, fog-enshrouded ground during a two-hour field drill in the problems of guerrilla warfare.
for he kept on threatening that he would" pull the ears" of those responsible for agricultural production.
for something, clearly, has gone very, very seriously wrong in Soviet-Chinese relations, which were never easy, and have now deteriorated.
he knows that he was never more popular than at the time of the Russo-American" honeymoon" of 1959.
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ), or he may succeed, by all kinds of dangerous concessions, in persuading China to be patient.
he may support China ( but he will n't );
he seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal opposition;
here the two leaders, DePugh and Lauchli, hastened to put the group through its paces.
his views, in fact, coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence, who look upon it merely as a variant of the" cold war" or of an" armed peace"".
if one follows the reports of the Congress, one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter.
in fact, with having been against < all > the more popular features of the Khrushchev" welfare state".
in their maneuvers last month, they wore World War 2, camouflage garb and helmets, and carried unloaded M-1 rifles.
indications are that Khrushchev ( and, with him, the bulk of the Soviet people ) favor peaceful coexistence and ( with the exception of Berlin ) the maintenance of the < status quo > in the world.
it contained, for example, a number of curious admissions about the peasants, who enjoy no sickness benefits, no old-age pensions, no paid holidays;
it is extremely doubtful that the handful of Albanians who call themselves Communists could have done this without the direct approval of their Chinese friends.
no doubt, there was still a lot in the Draft Program- and in Khrushchev's speech- which left many points obscure.
not only, as we know, did Chou En-lai publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as" something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach" to the problem ( i&e&, as something thoroughly dictatorial and" undemocratic" ), but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev, calling him a liar, a bully, and so on.
one cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this Congress- the obsessive harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the" anti-party group"- Molotov, Malenkov, Kaganovich and others- including the eighty-year-old Marshal Voroshilov.
one cannot help wondering whether Molotov and the rest of the" anti-party group" are not being used as China's whipping-boys by Khrushchev and his faithful followers.
perhaps Khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957, when the" anti-party group" nearly liquidated him.
the Chinese, North Vietnamese and North Koreans, on the other hand, feel that, militarily, Russia is strong enough to support them in the" just wars of liberation" they would like to embark on before long: with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries.
the Draft Program was interesting in other respects, too.
the big question is whether, in the name of a restored Chinese-Soviet solidarity, the Chinese will choose to persuade the Albanians to present their humble apologies to Khrushchev- or get rid of Enver Hoxa.
the effect of Chou En-lai's clash with Khrushchev, together with the everlasting attacks on Molotov + Co&, has shifted the whole attention of the world, including that of the Soviet people, from the" epoch-making" twenty-year program to the present Soviet-Chinese conflict.
the fact that China ( which is obsessed by Formosa- to Khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative.
the maneuvers were held" in secret" after a regional seminar for the Minutemen, held in nearby Shiloh, Ill&, had been broken up the previous day by deputy sheriffs, who had arrested regional leader Richard Lauchli of Collinsville, Ill&, and seized four operative weapons, including a Browning machine gun, two Browning automatic rifles and an M-4 rifle.
the mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated.
the next days may show where things stand.
the trouble with all these doctrinal quarrels is that we hear only one side of the story: what, in the secret councils of the Kremlin, Molotov had < really > proposed, we just do n't know, and he has had no chance to reply.
the whole problem of" peaceful coexistence and peaceful competition" with the capitalist world is in the very center of this Congress.
their national leader, Robert Bolivar DePugh of Norborne, Mo&, says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red onslaught.
there are other symptoms.
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from.
these seem about the only two ways in which the" unhappy incident" can now be closed.
they feel that World War 3, has already begun, and they are setting themselves up as a" last line of defense" against the Communist advance.
they feel that the United States is engaged in a life-and-death struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy.
they still benefit far less than the" other" 50 per cent of the nation from that" welfare state" which the Soviet Union so greatly prides itself on being.
this was something on which K& himself seemed to have some doubts;
to the average American, this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie.
to these people, solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy.
undismayed by this contretemps, a small band of the faithful gathered at Lauchli's home at 6:30 A&M& the next day, put on their uniforms, and headed for a farm several miles away.
was it the party's intention, for example, to abolish gradually the < kolkhoz > system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning < sovkhozes >, i&e&, state farms ( which were, moreover, to be progressively" urbanized" )?
was not this dropped primarily in order to" appease" the Chinese- especially after" Khrushchev's" humiliating" surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31?
what does it all add up to?
would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry?
" **h With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will, he < was > the government".
" **h he opened his mouth, said little, and thought not at all".
" **h not < completely > virtuous, but < completely > incompetent".
" **h the beautiful and light-hearted".
" a ' dust-settling ' period of decadence and decline".
#CONFRONTATION# IT SEEMS TO ME that N&C&, in his editorial" Confrontation" [ SR, Mar& 25 ], has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world: how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer?
#IMPROPER BOSTONIAN?# F& L& LUCAS 'S article in SR's April 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the New English Bible.
@ #AN ANALOGY# A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote" Louis Capet" [" The Week", June 3 ], another analogy had occurred to me.
@ #FACTS IN FOCUS# LESTER MARKEL is on the right track in his article" Interpretation of Interpretation" [ SR, Mar& 11 ].
@ #MERCENARY: TERM OF HONOR?# In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries.
@ #MODERN POSTAL SLOGAN# It does n't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan [" Pitney-Bowes Objects", July 1 ].
@ #THE IMPENDING DEATH OF POPE# In the issue of March 5, 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said:" on trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents, U&S& pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters, he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of Indonesia.
@ CONGRATULATIONS TO N&C& for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps.
@ EDITOR 'S NOTE: < reprints of" Confrontation" will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps.
@ I FEEL THAT N&C& hit the very core of our existence in the editorial" Confrontation".
@ N&C& HAS SAID something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece.
@ N&C&'s EDITORIAL" Confrontation" is a stunning piece of writing.
@ THANK YOU for the illustrated editorial" Confrontation".
@ THE EDITORIAL" Confrontation" was certainly direct in its appear to those of us living here in America.
@" CONFRONTATION" should fortify us all, whether in Southeast Asia or the U&S&.
I certainly hope this will be the impression left in the minds of readers, rather than the comment by Cleveland Amory in his FIRST OF THE MONTH column.
I concur that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands.
I found recently a very small article in the < New York Times: >" U&S& Flier loses Plea.
I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist domination'.
I know of no other solution than the one N&C& proposes- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us, hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place.
I personally gained strength from it.
I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it.
Indonesia Court Upholds Pope's Death Sentence.- Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on Alan Lawrence Pope, an American pilot.
Pope was convicted last year of having aided North Celebes rebels by flying bombing missions.
_2._ Regency- Truman.
_3._ Louis 15,- Eisenhower.
_4._ Louis 16,- Kennedy.
_5._ French Revolution- Conservative Revolution?
a Peace Corps official described the editorial as" precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers >".
and Marie Antoinette- Jacqueline Bouvier.
and if the foreigners fighting in the Katanga Army are mercenaries then Lafayette and von Steuben were mercenaries too, as were also the members of the Lafayette Escadrille in the early part of World War 1, and of Chennault 's Flying Tigers in the early days of World War 2,.
are tractors available for him?
as we see, Pope may appeal to President Sukarno, Khrushchev's friend, for clemency.
at least in Indonesia, Khrushchev found an American proud to be at total war with Communism"!
but who will act now and immediately to save the life of Alan Pope?
consider this table: _1._ Louis 14,- FDR.
does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American pilot?
facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty, he said: ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu, and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world.
he has been in prison since May, 1958, when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas.
he may appeal to President Sukarno for clemency".
if the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries, what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by < their > governments to fight for the United Nations?
if the UN troops are not mercenaries then the Hessians were not mercenaries either.
in defeating" Louis Capet", John Tower's victory in Texas signals, once again, the end of the divine right of Liberalism.
it 's an eighteenth-century negative, man!
it is blind, fundamentalist dogmatism to say," Messing around with the King James version **h seems to us a perilous sport at best".
it is both great writing and profound religion.
it would be heartbreaking to see idealism, and hence effective leadership, thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into.
my only hope is that it will be shared by many, many others.
never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically.
personally, it meant a great deal;
since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope.
suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment: @ By moving the term" Republic" to lower case, substituting the modern phrase" move ahead" for the stodgy" keep", and by using the Postmaster's name on every envelope ( in caps, of course, with the" in spite" as faded as possible ), the slogan cannot fail.
thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world.
the Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters.
the important people to humanity are not the Khrushchevs and the Castros **h but the Schweitzers and the Dooleys, and the others like them whose names we will never know.
this affects us all intimately, and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress.
this confuses me no end.
this possibility is anything but reassuring.
truly, that Liberals should choose Louis 14, as a bogey-symbol of conservatism is grotesquely ironic, considering the Louis 14, character of their Grand Monarque, FDR: not only in his accretion of absolute power and personal deification, ( < le roi gouverne par lui meme > ), but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies.
" Parsifal" follows July 25, with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting, and he also conducts" Die Meistersinger", to be presented Aug& 8 and 12.
#@# Abstractions and semi-abstractions by Everett McNear are being exhibited by the University gallery of Notre Dame until Nov& 5.
#@# It was all set.
#@# The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, Nov& 21 thru Dec& 4.
#BAYREUTH NEXT SUMMER# The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of" Tannhaeuser" staged by Wieland Wagner, who is doing all the operas this time, and conducted by Wolfgang Sawallisch.
**h nonsense".
@ #@# An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov& 5 at the Evanston Community center, 828 Davis st&.
@ IT IS NOT NEWS that Nathan Milstein is a wizard of the violin.
Hindemith's joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune, for it demands transluscent textures, buoyant rhythms, and astringent wit.
I think it was a grave error to print the article at this time.
REMEMBER HOW BY a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet?
Rudolf Kempe conducts.
Sawalisch also conducts" The Flying Dutch", opening July 24.
a couple of days later a balletomane told me he had telephoned Allied Arts for ticket information and was told" the newspapers had made a mistake".
allied Arts corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec& 4 thru 10.
allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec& 8 and 9.
allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking, fly here to open Nov& 28, and close Dec& 2.
before you let loose a howl saying we announced its coming, not once but several times, indeed we did.
but Mr& Hendl does not go straight to any point.
but barring a miracle, and do n't hold your breath for it, Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet, which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world.
but he had in Walter Hendl a willing conductor able only up to a point.
but if you keep a calendar of events, as we do, you noticed a conflict.
but we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee, and dissembling, discounted it inside?
certainly not in Orchestra hall where he has played countless recitals, and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony orchestra, playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing, demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high, pale, pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music, or forever finds it closed.
he flounders and lets music sprawl.
if so, I would lean to Sir Charles' conception of the man.
it 's all up in the air again".
it calls the conclusion admitted valid by" historians and military strategists alike" a" perverted conclusion.
it got the kind of scrambled, coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style.
it submits an enthusiastic, impressionistic conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man, but on no more authoritative basis than Sir Charles' account.
it will continue all month.
later the Hurok office made it Dec& 8 thru 17, a nice, long booking for the full repertory.
no casts are listed, but Lotte Lehmann sent word that the Negro soprano, Grace Bumbry, will sing Venus in" Tannhaeuser".
not La Dietrich.
not a chance of opening here Nov& 28- barring that miracle.
not the noblest performance we have heard him play, or the most spacious, or even the most eloquent.
paintings and drawings by Marie Moore of St& Thomas, Virgin Islands, are shown thru Nov& 5 at the Meadows gallery, 3211 Ellis av&, week days, 3 p& m& to 8 p& m&, Sundays 3 p& m& to 6 p& m&, closed Mondays.
queried about the impasse, Allied Arts said:" better cancel the Kirov for the time being.
remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish Ballet?
shorter booking, but still a booking.
so I started making some calls of my own.
so the Kirov will fly back to Russia, minus a Chicago engagement, a serious loss for dance fans- and for the frustrated bookers, cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country.
so we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein, but not great Brahms.
something had to give.
that is, when Mr& Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music, sparks flying, bow shredding, violin singing, glittering and sometimes spitting, Mr& Hendl could go along.
the article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning.
the concert opened with another big romantic score, Schumann's Overture to" Manfred", which suffered fate, this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat.
the engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place, which Sol Hurok, ballet booker extraordinary, considers the finest house of its kind in the country- and of course he does n't weep at the capacity, either.
the only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party.
the" Ring" cycles are July 26, 27, 28 and 30, and Aug& 21, 22, 23 and 25.
then how about the Civic Opera house?
then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us?
there was about that song something incandescent, for this Brahms was Milstein at white heat.
there was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist, orchestra and music to ultimate fusion.
these are the results.
this time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood.
those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself.
to the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it.
we are left to choose between the two Lindemanns.
we printed it.
well, Allied Arts has booked Lena Horne there for a week starting Dec& 4.
well, Dietrich will n't budge from McCormick Place.
well, now we have two big theaters.
will somebody please reopen the Auditorium?
" Chicago and All That Jazz" could not be faulted on the choice of artists.
" Chicago and All That Jazz" may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer.
( he played host at the Timex show already mentioned.
( the first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec& 9 will introduce her as Lucia.
) one of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today.
) she has since turned to Bellini, whose opera" Beatrice di Tenda" in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season.
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels.
Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene: a much more girlish Lucia, a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing, and an actress immersed in her role.
Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at Covent Garden in 1959.
NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share.
Richard Tucker sang Edgardo in glorious voice.
a few years ago a" Timex All-Star Jazz Show" offered a broad range of styles, ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes of Dixieland.
about that same time John Crosby's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do.
all of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program.
an enthusiastic audience confirmed the" live" character of the hour, and provided the interaction between musician and hearer which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance.
another source of NBC pride was its rare film clip of Bix Beiderbecke, but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse.
anyone for musical Ping-pong?
as a matter of fact, this latter approach has already been tried, and with pleasing results.
as she gained composure during the second act, her technical resourcefulness emerged stronger, though she had already revealed a trill almost unprecedented in years of performances of" Lucia".
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix, there is excellent depth and dimension to the music.
by trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists, the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either.
cameras stared at soloists' faces in extreme closeups, then considerately pulled back for full views of ensemble work.
complete with crowd effects, interruptions by jet planes, and sundry other touches of realism, this disc displays London's new technique to the best effect.
directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time;
each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the" Mad Scene", but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment.
even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's" Lucia di Lammermoor" Sunday night.
for example, there was sheet music with the word" jazz" in the title, to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold.
furthermore, Garry Moore makes an ideal master of ceremonies.
he injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years.
he may respect too much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes, but to restrain them in a singers' opera may be quite difficult.
her debut over, perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine.
her entrance in Scene 2, Act 1, brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note.
his bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction.
however well chosen and cleverly arranged, such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business, which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style.
if so, it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents.
in an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement, a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods.
in some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects.
in the fullness of her vocal splendor, however, she could sing the famous scene magnificently.
it 's really quite fun- as long as you like games.
many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable.
nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene, or she may warm up slowly.
no reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner, and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music.
samples soomed into closeup range in regular succession, like telephone poles passing on the highway, while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's.
she topped the sextet brilliantly.
she will sing" La Sonambula" with it here next week.
similarly, in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups, the program allowed no time for a close perusal.
some clue to the character of London's approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word" percussion" or" percussive".
some of the in-person performers were Jack Teagarden, Gene Krupa, Bud Freeman, Pee Wee Russell, Johnny St& Cyr, Joe Sullivan, Red Allen, Lil Armstrong, Blossom Seeley.
still, the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended, and future essays happily anticipated.
technically it was fascinating, aurally spell-binding, and dramatically quite realistic.
the crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic" Mad Scene" created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers.
the jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
the performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor, Silvio Varviso.
the program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music.
the remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable.
there are 12 of these to choose from, all of them of popular music except for the star release, { Pass in Review } ( SP-44001 ).
thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy, but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain, her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization.
these are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record.
this big, flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined.
this features the marching songs of several nations, recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand.
this is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over monaural sound.
what followed the outburst brought almost breathless silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among sopranos today.
you definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back, with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back.
you will need a stereo music system, with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart, and one or more of the new London" Phase 4" records.
" it only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them.
" the Forgotten War" his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines.
" the commander has failed in < his > duty if he has not won victory- for that < is > his duty".
#EXPECTED OF A COMMANDER# Commenting on these and other matters, Field Marshal Slim makes many frank and provocative remarks:" when in doubt as to two courses of action, a general should choose the bolder".
#REMAKING AN ARMY TO WIN#" Defeat Into Victory" is a dramatic and lively military narrative.
@ THE Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze, after the region of Poland, where it has its headquarters, opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night.
William Joseph Slim, First Viscount Slim, former Governor General of Australia, was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War.
a boy soprano named Dixon Boyd sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly.
a bunch of young buckaroos from out West, who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir, loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience.
a long book heavily weighted with military technicalities, in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally.
a thoroughly ingratiating company it is, and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening.
actually, the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded, and they sang it beautifully.
administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass- British, American and Chinese;
airdrops and airstrips;
and in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war.
before he could return to Burma, Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits.
boys will be boys, and Texans will be Texans.
brooding about future wars, the Field Marshal has this to say:" the Asian fighting man is at least equally brave [ as the white ], usually more careless of death, less encumbered by mental doubts, less troubled by humanitarian sentiment, and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him.
but Mr& Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor, and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior.
but it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command, of decisions and their reasons, of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action.
but under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska, who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948, it has all been put into theatrical form, treated selectively, choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators, and performed altogether professionally.
field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of" those who, finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves, are more interested in men and their reactions to stress, hardship and danger".
field Marshal Slim is more impressed by the courage of Japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their commanders.
field Marshal Slim is striking in description, amusing in many anecdotes.
food and military supplies;
for general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers, when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly.
furthermore, there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music.
he believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there.
he believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many.
he had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared, ill-equipped British forces" were outmaneuvered, outfought and outgeneraled".
he has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even" a cardinal error".
he himself seems to be tough, tireless, able and intelligent, more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers.
he is, by background and living standards, better fitted to endure hardship uncomplainingly, to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort, and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources".
he praises many individuals generously.
he returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas, Indians, Africans, Chinese and British.
health, hygiene, medical aid and preventive medicine;
his remarks about training, discipline, morale, leadership and command are enlightening.
hospitals ( inadequate ) and nurses ( scanty );
if 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position, we had to kill 495 before it was ours- and then the last five killed themselves".
it depresses them.
it was even beautiful.
lines came out neatly and in good balance.
logistics and transport;
most surprising of all, he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words.
not that it is all funny, by any means, though some of it is definitely so, but simply that the dancers are young and handsome, high-spirited and communicative, and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied.
of the Japanese private he says:" he fought and marched till he died.
on the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book.
other capable soloists included David Clifton, Joseph Schockler and Pat Thompson.
other crucial matters required constant supervision: labor and all noncombatant troops, whose morale was vital, too;
parts of" Defeat Into Victory" are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units, but a little application makes everything clear enough.
roads and river barges to be built.
so I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it".
tempos were lively.
the Latin, for example, was not only clear;
the combination proved quite irresistible last night.
the final group included folk songs from back home, stomped out, shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume.
the limitations are those one expects from untrained and unsettled voices- an occasional shrillness of almost earsplitting intensity, an occasional waver and now and then a bleat.
the man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is, of course, the Field Marshal himself.
the material is all basically of folk origin, gleaned from every section of Poland.
the piano accompaniments by Istvan Szelenyi were stylish.
their singing was well-balanced, clear and, within obvious limitations, extremely pleasing.
there is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title, for it has a kind of nonstop format, and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification.
under the capable direction of the choir's founder, Geroge Bragg, the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and baroque madrigals and motets, excerpts from Pergolesi 's" Stabat Mater" and all of the Britten" Ceremonial of Carols".
under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training, and an equally professional sense of performing.
" ) it has all been done in superb style, and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person hereabouts who enjoys good musical theater.
" ought not to be missed.
" performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good, and perhaps better.
" the best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems **h.
" where the Boys Are" also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy.
" } at Veterans Memorial Auditorium.
#@# Most of all, his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as" that adorable genius".
#@# Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer-" Glorious old Palmer", as he addresses him- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce, Santayana, Palmer, and himself and see that their varying systems are" so many religions, ways of fronting life, and worth fighting for", then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe.
( several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes.
> his famous criticism of brother Henry's" third style" is surely as subtly, even elegantly, worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as Henry himself could ever have produced.
Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does, but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed, until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this was n't really LaGuardia come back among us again.
Charlotte Fairchild was excellent as the loyal Marie, who became the second Mrs& LaGuardia, singing and acting with remarkable conviction.
Dolores Hart, is charming in a leading role, and quite believable.
I 'm glad to say there 's none of that distraction in this" Fiorello!
I must say, however, that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it.
I saw" Fiorello!
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance, which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask.
Jen Nelson, as Thea, his first wife, managed to make that short role impressive.
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies, when he is running for Congress, are well staged, and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater.
Martin Tahse has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful stager of touring productions.
Miss Hardwick speaks of his" superb gift for intellectual friendship", and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism.
a couple of the males made good comedy, too- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin.
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity.
all told," Where's Charley?
although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it, I have literally squealed with delight at the imperturbable perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page".
and Paul Lipson, as Morris, the faithful one who never gets home to his Shirley's dinner, was fine, too.
and how he could < write!
and little Zeme North, a Dora with real spirit and verve, was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd, the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage, or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings.
as for the ladies, they were full of charm, and sincerity, and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving, honest, little man.
but at least it 's reassuring to see some teenagers who do n't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead.
but there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent:" you ask what I am going to ' reply ' to Bradley.
certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking.
for this latest addition to the Great Letters Series, under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger, Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius, not to mention the felicities of his style.
here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking.
his letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant, forthright, and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child, and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor.
if most of them were n't exactly specific- well, that 's the way it is in life, I guess.
instead- and not just to prove my objectivity- I hasten to report that it 's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale, and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group- that is to say, sex.
it has a fast pace, excellent music, expert direction, and not only a good comedian, but an appealing person in his own right, Mr& Berman.
it holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word" intellectual" has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues.
most of the female faces are new, or at least not too familiar.
not a corner has been visibly cut in this one.
of another colleague, George Santayana, he could write:" the great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book.
such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of" On the Side of the Angels" and" Politics and Poker" were handled splendidly, and I thought Rudy Bond and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made" Little Tin Box" even better than it was done by the New York cast;
the Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents C& Edwin Knill's and Martin Tahse's production of {" FIORELLO!
the answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual.
the book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, choreography by Peter Gennaro, scenery, costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart, musical direction by Jack Elliott, and the production was directed by Mr& Abbott.
the cast: @ Since the hero, a sterling and upright fellow, is a rich Brown senior, while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists, I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on" Where the Boys are", but I shall do nothing of the sort.
the cast: @ This is one of the happier events of the season.
the company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce, the politicians are in fine voice, the chorines evoke happy memories, and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again.
the only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux, but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers, just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases, I suppose this was the attitude the part called for.
the party at Floyd's penthouse gave the" chorines" a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense.
the second feature, {" The Price of Silence" }, is a British detective story that will talk your head off.
the sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that does n't pause long in any one place, and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness.
the superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters.
the world might ring with the struggle, if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other".
the" belaboring" is of course jocular, yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God.
then Rudy Bond was simply grand as Ben, the distraught Republican Party district chieftain.
there are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a" mermaid" is performing.
this is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication- or even desire for communication- between differing schools of thought.
to James this vision never quite came, despite his appreciation of it in others.
to anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence, this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining.
to both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest, the same open-minded relish for what was unique in each, the same discriminating sensibility and quicksilver intelligence, the same gallantry of judgment.
to his Harvard colleague, Josiah Royce, whose philosophic position differed radically from his own, James could write," Different as our minds are, yours has nourished mine, as no other social influence ever has, and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly".
{ LOEW 'S THEATER } presents {" Where the Boys are" }, an MGM picture produced by Joe Pasternak and directed by Henry Levin from a screenplay by George Wells.
#PLEBIAN DICTATORS# Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style, the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected.
( the followers of bullies invariably are aggrieved about the very things they plan to do to others.
) they train the mink and other animals to fight.
George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2, is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years.
Robert Hillyer, the poet, writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr& Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series.
a gray fox with a patch on one eye- confidence man, city slicker, lebensraum specialist- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr& Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community.
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love, without mercy or pity;
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe;
a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime **h".
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment;
a veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language, history and literature, Kennan recalls how, at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941, he penned a private note to a State Department official, expressing the hope that" never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries".
after all, Alger Hiss, subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents, was at Yalta.
and Harry Dexter White, implicated in F&B&I& reports in Communist associations, was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan, which had it ever been put into full operation, would have simply handed Germany to Stalin.
and Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty caricaturist of them all.
and here is Kennan's image of Hitler, Stalin's temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples, and his later enemy:" behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead, behind the tirades and the sulky silences, the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare, behind the prejudices, the cynicism, the total amorality of behavior, behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes, there lay a statesman of no mean qualities: shrewd, calculating, in many ways realistic, endowed- like Stalin- with considerable powers of dissimulation, capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired, yet bold and resolute in his decisions, and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess: the ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word".
and in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world, one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time: how to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war.
and pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he will n't have anyone around that 's against him, and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds.
and the eagle, who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces.
as Kennan shows, the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany.
as soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats, who, of course, say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city.
as the author very justly says:" had a world war not been in progress, there would never, under any conceivable stretch of the imagination, have been an Allied intervention in North Russia".
but he rejects, perhaps a little too sweepingly, the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February, 1945.
but it 's hard to imagine Mr& Burman as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables.
but like all despots, as he builds his following from among the gullible, he grows more threatening toward those who will n't follow- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon;
but one should not ask for everything.
but, but and but.
did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections?
he also speaks of Franklin D& Roosevelt's" puerile" assumption that" if only he ( Stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F&D&R& himself, ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged".
he may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes.
he often drew the bomb.
he showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines.
here Kennan, operating with precise facts and figures, performs an excellent job of debunking.
if Mr& Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals, if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic- well, the record itself is not too encouraging.
in short, the book, based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University, is both reliable and readable;
in substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris ( Uncle Remus ) and the polished, witty fables of James Thurber.
in" Donnybrook", there is quite a different Eire, a rural land where singing, dancing, fist-fighting and romancing are the thing.
it combines qualities that are seldom found in one work: scrupulous scholarship, a fund of personal experience, a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues.
it is quite probable, however, that stupidity, inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like" unconditional surrender" had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism.
judge Black, the vegetarian black snake;
look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale.
mr& Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way: #DASHED HOPE#" You see, first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills, the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender: the tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo, but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil, with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power, no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future".
mr& Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken.
mr& Kennan, who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia, is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future.
no wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the" good old days" of Roosevelt.
on Stalin:" this was a man of incredible criminality, of a criminality effectively without limits;
one item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors, among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength.
read the moderately brief text, not for captions, sometimes for tart epigrams, once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas.
recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler, he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground, which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944.
the Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest, lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm.
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style, and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time.
the first of these involved the replacement of the Tsar by a liberal Provisional Government in March, 1917;
the fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans, accompanied by one wharf rat.
the hope was vain.
the scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist propaganda;
the second, the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year.
the story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important, and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator.
their Eisenhower is insubstantial.
there is plenty of violence, to be sure, but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed.
they attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue.
they were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting.
this fascinating story begins with a sketch, rich in personal detail, of the glancing mutual impact of World War 1, and the two instalments of the Russian Revolution.
this, more than any other factor, led to the fiasco of Allied intervention.
two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan.
with justified bitterness the author speaks of" what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement, about the history of its diplomacy, about what had happened in the purges, and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States".
" la Gioconda", like it or not, is a singer's opera.
#EARLY INTEREST# Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England, much ahead of similar revivals in other countries.
#ELEGANCE AND COLOR# The elements of elegance and color in Jannequin are strong French characteristics.
@ Ellie Mao, soprano, and Frederick Fuller, baritone, presented a program of folksongs entitled" East Meets West" in Carnegie Recital Hall last night.
@" MELODIOUS birds sing madrigals" saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined.
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions de la boite a musique.
Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara, rum-tum-tum, and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) is lots of fun, and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus.
Couperin also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called { Musique Francaise du 18,e Siecle } ( BAM LD 060 ).
Couperin and Rameau gave titles to nearly everything they wrote, not in the later sense of" program music" but as a kind of nonmusical reference for the close, clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise utterance.
Eileen Farrell in the title role, Mignon Dunn as La Cieca and Richard Tucker as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season, and all contributed to a vigorous performance.
Jean-Marie LeClair still is remembered a bit, but Bodin de Beismortier, Corrette and Mondonville are hardly household words.
Laura is a good role for Miss Resnik, and she gave it force, dramatic color and passion.
Rameau 's { Six Concerts en Sextuor, } recorded by L' orchestre de chambre Pierre Menet ( BAM LD 046 ), turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself.
Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast, but only with respect to this season;
after all, the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed, with no less than six leading parts.
all these records have close, attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic.
and so, of course, it is a fan's opera as well.
as a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal.
baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong, lively, intense, controlled and quite abstract.
both composers turn up on new imports from France.
both techniques give the music purity and clarity.
each might find a useful place in a varied musical program, but taken together they grew quite tiresome.
even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the Cromwellian interregnum, the practice of singing together- choruses, catches and glees- always flourished.
he has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone.
his singing was strong and musical;
his wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani, who was taking the part for the first time with the company.
if Couperin shows the fashionable trend, the others do so all the more.
if only they and Fausto Cleva in the pit had got together a bit more.
in France, it remained always more picturesque, more dancelike, more full of flavor.
it also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French" chansons".
mr& Siepi was, as always, a consummate actor;
naturally, Mr& Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen: William Byrd, Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins.
nevertheless, the musicality, accuracy and infectious charm of these performances, excellently reproduced, make it an attractive look-see at the period.
one of those parts is that of evil, evil Barnaba, the spy.
only with the more sensual, intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio, Monteverdi and Gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial.
part of this characterization was, of course, accomplished with the vocal chords.
rococo music- a lot of it- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts.
since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all, it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez.
snow or no, the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the Ponchielli work.
so the plot creaks, the sets are decaying, the costumes are pre-historic, the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing.
stereo BGS 5031 ) is a good sample of the special, elegant art of English madrigal singing.
texts and translations are provided.
the Concerts- Nos& 2, 6, 9, 10 and 14 are represented- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the Italian sense.
the Couperin" La Steinkerque", with its battle music, brevity, wit and refined simplicity, already shakes off Corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era.
the English have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else.
the English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way, say, the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal.
the original impulses came to England late ( in the sixteenth century ) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque basso continuo, sonatas, operas and the like.
the performances were variable, those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying, some by soloists proving rather trying.
the sonatas," La Francaise"," La Sultane"," L' Astree" and" L' Imperiale", are often more elaborately worked out and, in fact, show a strong Italian influence.
the strange, delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still evocative and gracious.
the works are presented chronologically.
their Vanguard album { Madrigal Masterpieces } ( BG 609;
there is an almost instrumental quality to their singing, with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture.
they have both sung these parts here before.
they specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention.
they were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee, pianist.
thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night.
unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality.
what is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo.
what was lacking was a real sense of phrase, the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is, after all, a very oily character.
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently.
works by J& C& Bach, Anton Craft, Joseph Haydn, Giuseppe Sammartini, Comenico Dragonetti and J& G& Janitsch were performed by seven instrumentalists including Anabel Brieff, flutist, Josef Marx, oboist, and Robert Conant, pianist and harpsichordist.
{ Maitres Allemands des 17,e et 18,e Siecles } contains music by Pachelbel, Buxtehude, Rosenmueller and Telemann, well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket ( BAM LD 035 ).
{ Sonates et Concerts Royaux } of Couperin le grand occupy two disks ( LD056 and LD060 ) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master- delicate, flexible and gemlike.
" signal" is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by Alwin Nikolais.
#JAZZ THREE OPEN PROGRAM# The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three, a Newport group consisting of Steve Budieshein on bass, Jack Warner, drums, and Don Cook, piano.
#JULIE WILSON SINGS# Julie Wilson, a vigorous vocalist without many wild twists, sang a set, a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old oldies as" Hard-Hearted Hannah, the Vamp of Savannah", and the delightful" Sunday".
#SHEARING TAKES OVER# George Shearing took over with his well disciplined group, a sextet consisting of vibes, guitar, bass, drums, Shearing's piano and a bongo drummer.
#SURPRISE ADDITION# To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had" Big" Miller, as a preacher-singer and Hannah Dean, Gospel-singer, while Oscar Brown Jr&, an extremely talented young man, did a slave auctioneer's call, a field-hands' work song, and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby," Brown Baby", which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival.
@ # 'AN AMERICAN JOURNEY' # A brisk, satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled" An American Journey" was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the Helen Tamiris-Daniel Nagrin Dance Company.
Eugene Lester assembled a witty and explicit score for" An American Journey", and Malcolm McCormick gave it sprightly imaginative costumes.
Getz is a difficult musician to categorize.
Hendricks had Billy Mitchell, tenor sax;
Hendricks' story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him.
I say chantey.
Jimmy Witherspoon, blues singer ( and a good one ), and the Ike Isaacs Trio, which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now, helping him with the musical examples.
MURRAY LOUIS and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street Playhouse on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work," Signal", and the repetition of an earlier one," Journal".
Miss Tamiris'" Once Upon a Time **h" is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three" figures" that bother them somehow.
Miss Vaughan was back in top form, somehow mellowed and improved with the passage of time- like a fine wine.
PIANISTS who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas.
a few drops of rain just before midnight, when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number, scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly, but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand, most of the listeners did n't care whether they got wet.
a very casual, pleasant program- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight- was held again under sunny skies, hot sun, and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach.
after the spate of female vocalists we have been having, all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat, it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever.
but chains of movements are not necessarily communicative, and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing.
but it may be, also, that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time.
but we need not mind too much, because Mr& Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way.
choreographed by Mr& Nagrin, the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris'" Once Upon a Time **h" as well as her" Women's Song" and Mr& Nagrin's" Indeterminate Figure".
demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji, who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest.
divided almost equally into two parts, it consisted of" The Evolution of the Blues", narrated by Jon Hendricks, who had presented it last year at the Monterey, Calif&, Jazz Festival, and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra, a blasting big band.
do you say chantey, as if the word were derived from the French word chanter, to sing, or do you say shanty and think of a roughly built cabin, which derives its name from the French-Canadian use of the word chantier, with one of its meanings given as a boat-yard?
either way, the Robert Shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening.
from this taste of the 1920s, we leaped way out to Stan Getz's private brand of progressive jazz, which did lovely, subtle things for" Baubles, Bangles and Beads", and a couple of ballards.
he has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts.
he has chosen Sonata Op& 53 in D. the playing takes both sides of the disc.
he met with enthusiastic audience approval, especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo.
he plays his sax principally for beauty of tone, rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations, and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over.
here, as in" Journal", Mr& Louis has given himself the lion's share of the dancing, and there is no doubt that he is capable of conceiving and executing a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements.
his technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully.
if your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one.
in this he is sticking with tradition, however far removed from it he may seem to be.
indeed, both" Journal" and" Signal" qualify as instructive catalogues of modern-dance calisthenics.
it all went very well.
it may be, of course, that Mr& Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation.
it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear, and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience.
its abstract decor is by John Hultberg.
mr& Nagrin has described four" places", each with its scenery and people, added two" diversions", and concluded with" A Toccata for the Young", a refreshingly underplayed interpretation of rock 'n' roll dancing.
music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example, played for RCA by Emil Gilels.
nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time.
one frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect, there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development.
one of those delightful surprise additions, which so frequently occur in jazz programs, was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones, drumming to" Old Man River", which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts.
one thing is certain, however, and that is that he is far more slavish to the detailed accents, phrasings and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be.
perhaps one of the reasons these Sonatas are not programmed more often is their great length.
pony Poindexter, alto sax;
program note reads as follows:" take hands **h this urgent visage beckons us".
putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose: it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot, when the audience is cold, restless, and in flux;
rhythmic interest, melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing.
she frosted the cake with the always reliable" Bill Bailey".
shearing, himself, seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances.
the Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship, not only in their own chosen set, but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns + Leon James, the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years, gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program.
the London label offers an operatic recital by Ettore Bastianini, a baritone whose fame is international.
the group is superbly trained.
the male chorus of the Robert Shaw Chorale sings Sea Shanties in fine style.
the" places" could be anywhere, the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's, and the laugh is on us all.
this was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group, also local talent, went on first.
tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies, he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches.
unfortunately, the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so.
what a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question.
what we did get, however, was impressive.
" he has married me with **h a ring of bright water", begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title, and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys.
" ring of Bright Water" by Gavin Maxwell is just that- a haunting, warmly personal chronicle of a man, an otter, and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands.
" to be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply exhilarating;
$5.# Only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience.
Arnolphe, it will be recalled, is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wife-to-be.
DUTTON.
I say" apparently" although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death;
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot, and Ledoux, at the Comedie, made him a gross buffoon, or so the historians tell us.
Louis Seigner, who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux, is the Tartuffe of the present production, which he himself directed.
Mij, as his owner was soon to learn, had strange, inexplicable habits.
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife.
_NEW YORK_- The performances of the Comedie Francaise are the most important recent events in the New York theater.
a few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama, but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent.
a year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader, one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted, but self-discovery as well.
accordingly, at the Comedie last year, Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy.
among the Moliere specialists of some years ago, Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns, while Fernand Ledoux, often performing at the Comedie, made them more gross than Moliere may have intended.
apparently, Jouvet and Ledoux attempted just these dissimilar approaches in the role of Arnolphe in" The School for Wives".
but his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory;
but it is n't.
but the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly.
but then, through a strange coincidence, Maxwell manages to acquire Idal, a female otter, and the fascinating story starts once more.
but they are aware of the world outside, they court public approval, they delight in full houses, and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic.
by that time, he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy.
given a small ball or marbles, he would invent games and play by himself for hours.
he liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle-sharp teeth.
he preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow.
his Tartuffe observes the golden mean.
his red face, his coarse gestures, and his lustful stares bespeak his sensuality.
how Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna, his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift, the subtle changes in season over ten years, is a moving experience.
in France, novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted.
in the solitude of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness.
in turn each of us in our own way depended, as gods do, upon his worship".
it is a land of long fjords, few people, a single-lane road miles away- and of wild stags, Greylag geese, wild swans, dolphins and porpoises playing in the waters.
it is as though some pressure had suddenly been lifted, allowing an intense awareness **h a sharpening of the senses".
it may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature.
just the evocations of time and place, of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost, would be enough.
last season, the Comedie 's two principal experiments came to grief, and, in consequence, we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of Racine's" Phedre" and Moliere's" School for Wives".
man, to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty, was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man.
now Gavin Maxwell's ring of bright water has widened to enchant the world.
now, with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need, that of being trusted implicitly by some creature.
of course, the well-received revivals last longer than the others, and that further reminds us that the Comedie is not insensitive to criticism.
on the contrary, the old plays are continually being reinterpreted, and each new production of a classic has only a brief history at the Comedie.
one influential French critic remarked:" pity for Arnolphe comes with age".
one is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book- Mijbil, with his rollicking ways, or Maxwell himself, poet, portrait painter, writer, journalist, traveller and zoologist, sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life, in a language at once lyrical and forceful, vivid and unabashed.
perhaps that is the Comedie's equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time.
so far as I know, the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century, but they do reinterpret plays and characters.
systematically he would open and ransack drawers.
the brief details of Mijbil's death lend depth to the story, give it an edge of ironic tragedy.
the directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who, in two instances this season, closed their plays after one performance.
the government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics, and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results.
the new" Phedre" was done in 17th century setting, instead of ancient Greek;
the new" School for Wives" was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character.
the part can lend itself to serious treatment;
the place is Camusfearna, the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye.
the speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately, possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance.
there is Mijbil, an otter who travelled with Maxwell- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat.
they serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely repeats, as accurately as possible, the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century.
this is not only a compliment to Mijbil, of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book, but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London, then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna, with affectionate detail.
this reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement.
two other people in time shared Mijbil's love:" **h it remained around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water **h;
we were his Trinity, and he behaved towards us **h with a mixture of trust and abuse, passion and irritation.
wisely, the Comedie has brought Moliere's" Tartuffe" on its tour and has left" The School for Wives" at home.
with curiosity and elan, he explored every inch of glen, beach and burn, once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell, who nearly lost his life in doing so.
yet the idyll ended.
" rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less", says Mr& White.
#@# At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the Petipa-Minkus ballet" Bayaderka", which opened the evening.
#@# But for all the manifest intention to" show off", this was a circus with a difference, for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level, it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company.
#@# Its ballerina, Olga Moiseyeva, performs simple miracles of beauty, and Ludmilla Alexeyeva, Inna Korneyeva and Gabrielle Komleva make up a threesome of exquisite accomplishments.
#a LESSON IN POLITICS# As a dramatic narrative" The Making of the President 1960" is continuously engrossing.
**h He is a man of major talent- but a man of solitary, uncertain impulses.
**h He was above all a friend seeker, almost pathetic in his eagerness to be liked.
**h the least inspiring candidate since Alfred M& Landon".
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number," Taras Bulba", but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all.
Sergei Vikulov, as the lone male, meets the competition well with some brilliant hits, but the work is designed to belong to the ladies.
Vadim Kalentiev was the conductor.
Yuri Soloviev, Oleg Sokolov, Alexei Zhitkov, Lev Sokolov, Yuri Korneyev and Mr& Livshitz were the chief soloists, but everybody on stage was magnificent.
_LONDON, JULY 4_- For its final change of bill in its London season, the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a" gala program" at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
a YEAR ago today, when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and John F& Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency, Theodore H& White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960.
a stirring" Flames of Paris" pas de deux by Xenia Ter-Stepanova and Alexandre Pavlovsky, and a lovely version of Fokine's" Le Cygne" by Olga Moiseyeva, which had to be repeated.
a winning little" Snow Maiden" variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva;
after a protracted, hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic credibility, the jury, to no one's surprise, leaves the legal question unresolved.
although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man, Mr& Nixon, Mr& White believes, ignored his own top-level planners, wasted time and effort in the wrong regions, missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television.
an amusing character pas de cinq called" Gossiping Women";
and as an introduction to American politics it is highly educational.
and please it did, in every sense of the word, for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences.
and why do we in the West know so few of his ballets?
as the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated, Mr& White took more notes.
at the end of the program, indeed, there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes, and nothing could stop it.
but never from Mr& Nixon, who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust.
calm, dignified, composed," superbly eloquent", Mr& Kennedy always knew everything about everybody.
efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance.
every decision was made quickly on sound grounds.
he asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates'" in-groups".
he assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general, as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history.
he enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers.
he frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth, from numerous insiders and from Mr& Kennedy himself;
he then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential hopefuls: five Democrats- Senator Hubert H& Humphrey, Senator Stuart Symington, Senator Lyndon B& Johnson, Adlai E& Stevenson and Mr& Kennedy- and two Republicans- Governor Rockefeller and Mr& Nixon.
he traveled alternately with Mr& Kennedy and with Richard M& Nixon.
he trusts only himself and his wife.
he wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them;
his zest for specific detail, his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere, his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book.
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr& White in" The Making of the President 1960".
in the process he writes at length about many related matters: the importance of race, religion, local tradition, bosses, organizations, zealous volunteers and television.
it is danced by some thirty-five men and no women, and it contains everything in the books- lusty comedy, gregarious cavorting, and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform.
it was quite an evening!
mr& Kennedy did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters.
mr& Kennedy, Mr& White believes," had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him".
mr& Nixon is" a broody, moody man, given to long stretches of introspection;
mr& Nixon, he believes, has no particular political philosophy and mismanaged his own campaign.
mr& White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr& Kennedy to be a fine President.
mr& White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions.
mr& White, who is only a competent novelist, is a brilliant reporter.
no doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far, it too could give a circus if it pleased.
only a plea from the house manager, John Collins, finally broke up the party.
so was the audience.
the author begins this volume with a close-up of Mr& Kennedy, his family and his entourage waiting for the returns.
the ensemble enters in a long adagio passage that is of fantastic difficulty, as well as loveliness, and adagio is the general medium of the piece.
the middle section of the program was made up of short numbers, naturally enough of unequal merit, but all of them pretty good at that.
the" Taras Bulba" excerpt is a rousing version of Gogol's Ukrainian folk-tale choreographed by Bo Fenster to music of Soloviev-Sedoi.
then, in chronological order, Mr& White covers the primary campaigns, the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself.
they consisted of a new arrangement of" Nutcracker" excerpts danced stunningly by Irina Kolpakova and Mr& Sokolev, with a large ensemble;
this is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one.
this scene is a" white ballet" in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful" shadows" who can all dance like nothing human- which, of course, is altogether fitting.
those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election;
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils ( and superb esthetic acrobacy ) by Alla Osipenko and Igor Chernishev in one case and Inna Zubkovskaya and Yuri Kornevey in the other;
what a man this Petipa was!
what might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history.
when the husband drops the case and returns to his wife, both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place.
#EXPANDS AND CONTRACTS# Dr& Bonnor supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts, that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in.
Herr Riefling, in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience, proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority.
Herr Wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director, and is a young man with a clear flair for the podium.
Professor Bondi disagrees with the expansion-contraction theory.
Robert Riefling, who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival, penetrated deep into the spirit of the style.
Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York, thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs.
Volker Wangenheim, who conducted Bonn's Sta^dtisches Orchester on the following evening, made one more conscious of the process of interpretation.
a tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants, which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise.
all belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs& Sloan, who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League, New York, in the 1920's.
although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of" Gloucester Harbor" in 1915 ), the human element was the compelling factor in Sloan's art.
and Dr& G& J& Whitrow, reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.
any musician playing Beethoven here, where Beethoven was born, is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care.
as early as 1928, however, the Sloan style began to change.
because of this Dr& Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there.
but he weighted the Eighth Symphony, at times, with a shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music.
but no amount of head-tossing could make it so.
but the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science.
dr& Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe, based on the general theory of relativity.
dr& R& A& Lyttleton, a lecturer at St& John's College, Cambridge, and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the University of Cambridge;
dr& W& B& Bonnor, reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College, London;
dr& Whitrow functioned as moderator.
everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy for Piano, Chorus, and Orchestra in C minor, made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs.
first of all, and this has been calculated by observation, the universe is expanding- that is, the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds.
he might have been hoping, to all appearances, that this relatively sunny symphony, in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program, could amount to something like the Ninth;
he supports the steady-state theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space.
his readings were careful without being fussy, and they were authoritative without being presumptuous.
his was a burgomaster's Beethoven, solid and sensible.
in a sense, he is offering Bonn what its famous son ( who left as a youth ) never did- the sound of the composer's mature style.
in addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and illustrations.
in the autumn of 1959, the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology.
it is the business of cosmologists, the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe, to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors.
not all the paintings, however, are of cities.
obviously Sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend Robert Henri.
one of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is" Sun and Wind on the Roof", with a woman and child bracing themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds.
or" Carmine Theater, 1912", the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ), although Sloan was a member of the famous" Eight", and of the so-called" Ash-Can School", a term he resented.
significant are such canvases as" Bleeker Street, Saturday Night", with its typically American crowd ( Sloan never went abroad );
supplementing the actual art are memorabilia- correspondence, diaries, books from the artist's library, etc&.
the 32 C minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another, leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline.
the D minor Sonata, Op& 31 No& 2, introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios, was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come.
the concerto's soloist, Hans Richter-Haaser, played with compensatory ease and economy, though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling.
the conductor's preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional raggedness, as with the first orchestra entrance in the Fourth Piano Concerto, but when he put his deliberations and obsequies aside and let the music move as designed, it did so with plenty of spring.
the current exhibition, which remains on view through Oct& 29, has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources.
the dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette.
the entire Sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians.
the entrance of the Sta^dtisches Gesangverein ( Bonn's civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting, however, as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life.
the exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art.
the exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest (" Koshare in the Dust", a vigorous Indian dance, and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ).
the fact that Sloan was an extrovert, concerned primarily with what he saw, adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle.
the last program of this festival, which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories, brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis.
the multifigure" Traveling Carnival", in which action is vivified by lighting;
the paintings, drawings, prints, and illustrations all reflect the manners, costumes, and mores of America in the first half of the present century.
the participants were Professor H& Bondi, professor of mathematics at King's College, London;
the programs were so well received by the British public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called," Rival Theories of Cosmology".
the solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes.
the two were separated from each other by the Six Bagatelles of Op& 126.
then, after many more billions of years, when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center, this movement will slow down and reverse itself again.
there are 151 items in the Wilmington show, including one painting by each member of the" Eight", as well as work by Sloan's friends and students.
these inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of" opera style" of which Beethoven was genuinely capable, but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging.
these keys are the working principles of physics, mathematics and astronomy, principles which are then extrapolated, or projected, to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge.
this expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years.
this theory eventually proved inexact.
three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator.
to enable students and the public to spot Sloan forgeries, the Delaware Art Center ( according to its director, Bruce St& John ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all Sloan works, as well as a card index file.
two late Sonatas, Op& 110 and 111, were played with similar insight, the disarming simplicities of the Op& 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious.
" PERHAPS it is better to stay at home.
" a writer lives, at best, in a state of astonishment", he says.
" beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all.
" much Ado" ends happily.
" roots of the Blues" may not be for gentle souls, but others should welcome its super-charged impact.
#@# As Brother John Sellers sang five" blues" to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce Langhorne and Shep Shepard, Mr& Ailey and Miss De Lavallade went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating, threatening, contemptuous and ecstatic.
#@# The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare.
#@# There was, additionally, a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons.
#a CONTEMPLATIVE CONNOISSEUR#" I like to sniff a place, and reproduce what it really smells and looks like, its color, its particular kind of life".
Alvin Ailey and Carmen De Lavallade appeared in the first New York performance of Mr& Ailey's" Roots of the Blues", a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the Boston Arts Festival.
Eldon Elder, who designed the stage, also created a gay, spacious set that blended attractively with the park background and Shakespeare's lighthearted mood.
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints.
Maria Tallchief and Erik Bruhn, who danced the" Nutcracker" pas de deux, were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from" Don Quixote", another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely.
Miss Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist, John Wustman, often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition.
Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them.
Schwarzkopf is, of course, Schwarzkopf.
THE dance, dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier, when Stadium Concerts presented the first of two dance programs.
William Sansom writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London, Vienna, the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords.
all are well written and are overwritten.
all the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills;
among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening, Elisabeth Carroll and Ivan Allen were particularly impressive in their roles in" The Duel", a work that depends so much upon the precision and incisiveness of the two principal combatants.
and at the infinite variety of London.
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands, always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City;
at the supreme delights to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants, La Bonne Auberge, which is situated on the seacoast twenty miles west of the Nice airport;
but no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions.
but the final scenes could not be played.
but what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism.
but, even if Mr& Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow, he still can charm and astound.
clever light songs were overly coy, tragic songs a little too melodramatic.
for style and assurance, for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her.
he ignores guidebook facts.
he only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or quotes his opinions.
he wore the clothes of a laborer, and she was wondrously seductive in a yellow and orange dress.
if any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out, let them take comfort.
if the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be, it is still a beautiful instrument, controlled and flexible.
instead of her old confidence in the simplest, purest, most moving musical expression, Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra, some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside.
it is an over-all impression Mr& Sansom strives for, an impression compounded of visual details, of a savory mixture of smells, of much loving attention to architecture and scenery, of lights and shadows, of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past.
most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines.
mr& Ailey's" Roots of the Blues", an earthy and very human modern dance work, provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening.
mr& Papp has directed a performance that has verve and pace, although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable.
mr& Sansom actually < writes > his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence, with an intense relish in all the metaphorical resources of English, with a thick shower of sophisticated, cultural references.
mr& Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto.
mr& Sansom is English, bearded, formidably cultivated, the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories, of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between.
on Saturday, the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field, the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing, and the order of the program improved.
one could hardly blame Newbold Morris, the Parks Commissioner, for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms, its balcony, its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains.
otherwise, the program included, as on Thursday, the Taras-Tchaikovsky" Design for Strings", the Dollar-Britten" Divertimento", the Dollar-De Banfield" The Duel" and the pas de deux from" The Nutcracker".
put to the service of lieder of Schubert, Brahms, Strauss and Wolf in a dramatical and musical way, it made its effect with ease and precision.
so in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St& Torpetius that still persists in St& Tropez;
still a demurrer or two must be entered.
the armchair traveler preserves his illusions".
the cat-like sinuousness and agility of both dancers were exploited in leaps, lifts, crawls and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong, sometimes almost frightening, tensions.
the only man alive who seems qualified by his learning, his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell, Mr& Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ).
the result is rather wonderful, but so rich as to be indigestible if taken in too thick slices.
the result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of garishness.
the symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable.
their props were two stepladders, a chair and a palm fan.
there are sixteen essays in" Blue Skies, Brown Studies".
there was an extra pause here, a gasp or a sigh there, here and there an extra little twist of a word or note, all in the interest of effect.
there were stunning musical phrases too, and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication.
this is an exact description of what Mr& Sansom does.
this may not be true of many writers, but it certainly is true of Mr& Sansom.
this somewhat cynical comment may be found in" Blue Skies, Brown Studies", a collection of travel essays by William Sansom, who would never consider staying home for long.
to transmit that feeling he writes".
too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another.
#AMERICANA# _PLEASURE DOMES._ Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display.
#BOATING# _WEST COAST._ Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water- ocean, lake and reservoir.
#BOOKS# _CLOCK WITHOUT HANDS._ Carson McCullers, after a long, painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul, has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication.
#FESTIVALS# _ACROSS THE LAND._ With harvests in full swing, you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma, Calif& ( Sept& 22-24 ), as well as for cranberries at Bandon, Ore& ( Sept& 28-Oct& 1 ), for buckwheat at Kingwood, W& Va& ( Sept& 28-30 ), sugar cane at New Iberia, La& ( Sept& 29-Oct& 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond, Va& ( Sept& 23-30 ).
#MOVIES# _PURPLE NOON:_ This French film, set in Italy, is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with.
#RECORDS# _NORMA._ Callas devotees will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the Bellini opera.
@ #DANCE# _RUSSIANS, FILIPINOS._ Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start.
@ Of the nation 's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line.
@ _A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH._ Virgilia Peterson, a critic by trade, has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events.
@ _DARK RIDER._ This retelling by Louis Zara of the brief, anguished life of Stephen Crane- poet and master novelist at 23, dead at 28- is in novelized form but does not abuse its tragic subject.
@ _FRANNY AND ZOOEY._ With an art that almost conceals art, J& D& Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts.
@ _JEREMIAH PEABODY' S POLYUNSATURATED QUICK DISSOLVING FAST ACTING PLEASANT TASTING GREEN AND PURPLE PILLS._ In a raucous take-off on radio commercials, Singer Ray Stevens hawks a cure-all for neuritis, neuralgia, head-cold distress, beriberi, overweight, fungus, mungus and water on the knee.
@ _RURAL FREE,_ Rachel Peden.
@ _THE HEAD OF MONSIEUR M&,_ Althea Urn.
Illinois' Shawnee National Forest, Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha, Kan& should be at their best in mid-October.
Leningrad's Kirov Ballet, famous for classic purity of technique, begins its first U&S& tour in New York ( through Sept& 30 ).
Longwood Gardens, near Kennett Square, Pa& ( about 12 miles from Wilmington, Del& ), was developed and heavily endowed by the late Pierre S& du Pont.
Maria goes all out as a Druid princess who gets two-timed by a Roman big shot.
_GULF COAST._ Hurricane Carla damaged 70% of the marinas in the Galveston-Port Aransas area but fuel service is back to normal, and explorers can roam as far west as Port Isabel on the Mexican border.
_MIDWEST._ Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October, especially in their northern sections, < e&g& >, Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept& 29-Oct& 8.
_THE WEST._ The Rockies have many" Aspencades", which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas.
a deft, hilarious satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions, a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort.
a sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next.
an archery tournament will be held at North Falmouth, Mass& ( Sept& 23, 24 ).
and on northern shores indomitable sailors from Long Island to Lake Michigan will beat around the buoys in dozens of frostbite races.
but regattas are scheduled right up to Christmas.
but slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( LIFE, Sept& 15 ), playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy, casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him, then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act.
by turns, her beautifully sung Norma is fierce, tender, venomous and pitiful.
every Wednesday night through Oct& 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display, with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet.
farther south, there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks, with some seasonal peaks as late as early November.
here, in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since < The Catcher in the Rye > ), he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother.
in Colorado, Ouray has its Fall Color Week Sept& 22-29, Rye and Salida both sponsor Aspencades Sept& 24, and Steamboat Springs has a week-long Aspencade Sept& 25-30.
in Michigan, there is fine color on route 27 up to the Mackinac Straits, while the views around Marquette and Iron Mountain in the Upper Peninsula are spectacular.
in Minnesota, Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding.
in San Francisco Bay, winds are gusty and undependable during this season.
in Wisconsin, take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie du Chien.
in the Southwest, the fall brings out flotillas of boatsmen who find the summer too hot for comfort.
inland, outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead.
it is an engrossing commentary on a repressive, upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century.
more and more boats move overland on wheels ( 1.8 million trailers are now in use ) and Midwesterners taking long weekends can travel south with their craft.
new Mexico's biggest is at Ruidoso Oct& 7, 8, while Alamogordo and Cloudcroft cooperate in similar trips Oct& 1.
new docks and ramps are being rushed at Playa del Rey, Ventura, Dana Point, Oceanside and Mission Bay.
newest small-boat playground is the Salton Sea, a once-dry desert sinkhole which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and 235 feet below sea level.
on Nov& 11, 12, racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course.
shore facilities are enormous- Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats, and Long Beach 3,000- but marinas are crowded everywhere.
since 1892 ears of red, yellow, purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create hugh" paintings".
some pleasant fall cruising country is mapped out below.
subtitled < A Farmwife's Almanac of Country Living >, this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear, humorous eye of a Hoosier housewife and popular columnist.
the 1961 theme is the Dakota Territorial Centennial, with the pictures including the Lewis and Clark expedition, the first river steamboat, the 1876 gold rush, a little red schoolhouse on the prairie, and today's construction of large Missouri River reservoirs.
the 300th anniversaries of Staten Island ( through Sept& 23 ) and of Mamaroneck, N&Y& ( through Sept& 24 ) will both include parades and pageants.
the Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company, with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture, opens its 60-city U&S& tour in San Francisco ( through Sept& 24 ) then, via one-night stands, moves on to Los los Angeles ( Sept& 29-Oct& 1 ).
the Corinthian Yacht Club in Tiburon launches its winter races Nov& 5.
the Corn Palace at Mitchell, S& Dak&," the world's corniest building", has a carnival through Sept& 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt.
the fine old mansions of U&S& Grant's old home town of Galena, Ill& are open for inspection ( Sept& 23, 24 ).
the gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round, and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor.
the greenhouses alone cover 3-1 acres.
the mule is honored at Benson, N&C& ( Sept& 22,23 ) and at Boron, Calif& ( Sept& 24-Oct& 1 ), while the legend of the Maid of the Mist is celebrated at Niagara Falls through the 24th.
the panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer.
the tenor lead, Franco Corelli, and La Scala cast under Maestro Tullio Serafin are all first rate.
the" peacock tail" nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high.
there is probably a moral in all this about" mind < vs& > heart".
there true yachtsmen often find November winds steadier, the waters cooler, the fish hungrier, and rivers more pleasant- less turbulence and mud, and fewer floating logs.
though the subject- segregation in her native South- has been thoroughly worked, Miss McCullers uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing.
waterways are busy right now from the Virginia capes to the Texas coast.
" America gave generously in economic aid and military equipment to friend and foe alike".
" Monty" shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support.
" but where is the leader who will handle all these things for us"?
" the West should make the central proposal;
" they are determined", Montgomery writes," not to be surprised again, and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary, but also creates nervousness **h among other nations in the Western Alliance- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible".
## { AS } faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead.
## { IN LOOKING } as far back as Moses, thence to Cromwell, Napoleon, Lincoln, Churchill, and Nehru, Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men.
#**h AND FATS.# Keys's findings, though far from complete, are likely to smash many an eating cliche.
#FADS, FACTS **H# Not all the concern for health is well directed.
America has divided more than she has united the West.
Montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the West's own house in order.
Montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of Kennedy.
after drastically overhauling NATO, Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West.
all in all, Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him.
and in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health.
and it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events.
at juice bars in Los Angeles' 35" health" stores, a new sensation is a pink, high-protein cocktail, concocted of dried eggs, powdered milk and cherry-flavored No-Cal, which sells for 59@ per 8-oz& glass.
but a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health, and a big group of U&S& scientists wants to supply them.
but de Gaulle is buried in the cause of restoring France 's lost soul.
but the East would have to show sincerity in carrying it out".
but the greater reason for fumbling, stumbling American leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the Japanese attacked at Pearl Harbor.
but then, Mario Lanza was no common singer, and his whole career, public and non-public, was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first" recital" only when he has ceased to be a living voice.
each year, reports the American Medical Association, ten million Americans spend $900 million on vitamins, tonics and other food supplements.
for the first time in history, the U&S& has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government 's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose inconspicuously of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce.
for the most part, his writing rambles and jogs, preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts.
from his birch-paneled office in the Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene, under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis (" We get a rumble on every touchdown" ), blocky, grey-haired Dr& Keys directs an ambitious, $200,000-a-year experiment on diet, which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing.
from the fusty panaceas of spinach, eggs and prunes, the U&S& has progressed to curds, concentrates and capsules.
grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all.
he alone has the wisdom, the conviction, the tenacity, and the courage to reach a decision.
he believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by Churchill, who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for Hitler's war.
he has measured the skinfolds ( the fleshy areas under the shoulder blades ) of Neapolitan firemen, studied the metabolism of Finnish woodcutters, analyzed the" mealie-meal" eaten by Capetown coloreds, and experimented on Minneapolis businessmen.
however, Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice.
however, at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero de Gaulle, who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions.
however, she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed.
in this same society, the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume.
it is a kind of justice, too, that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall, where, traditionally, the loudest, if not the greatest, performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454, $4.98 ).
it suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership.
like Eisenhower, he holds the militarist's suspicion of politicians.
major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories, say by 1970.
most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said, and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene.
nevertheless, Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world.
now big forces buffet food.
pursuing it, he has logged 500,000 miles, suffered indescribable digestive indignities, and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals, from Bantu tribesmen to Italian < contadini >.
refrigeration, automated processing and packaging conspire to defy season and banish spoilage.
she pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity, but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace.
such a leader must strengthen NATO politically, and establish that true unity about which it has always talked.
such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group, a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence.
that mother hen of the weight-height tables, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co&, clucks that 48 million Americans are overweight.
the Department of Agriculture averaged out U&S& food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs& per person, which, allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night, means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs& or more a day.
the leader Montgomery envisages will need to discipline himself, lead a carefully regulated and orderly life, allow time for quiet thought and reflection, adapt decisions and plans to changing situations, be ruthless, particularly with inefficiency, and be honest and morally proper.
the man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of Minnesota's Physiologist Ancel Keys, 57, inventor of the wartime K ( for Keys ) ration and author of last year's bestselling < Eat Well and Stay Well >.
the man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is de Gaulle.
the net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad.
the path to leadership is made clear.
the reading public, the theatergoing public, the skindiving public, the horse-playing public- all these and others fill substantial roles in U&S& life, but none is so varied, vast and vigilant as the eating public.
the reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars, and that she compulsively strives to be liked.
this leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States, namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany, that the East German government does not exist, that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired, that the true government of China is in Formosa, that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960, and that either China or Russia wants or expects war.
through previous centuries, eating changed by nearly imperceptible degrees, and mostly toward just getting enough.
to be sure, Lanza made numerous concert tours, here and abroad, but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk.
to eat is human, the nation is learning to think, to survive divine.
to" Monty", the American people, who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight," now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War".
vitamins, eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the ticket ).
whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership.
{ IT IS } no common thing for a listener ( critical or otherwise ) to hear a singer" live" for the first time only after he has died.
( page 33 ) On the other hand, a little later on he says:" since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns, but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes.
( page 34 ) Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real.
I hear the boot of Lucifer, I see his filthy face"!
a teenage girl, Abigail Williams, is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle, the Reverend Samuel Parris, about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings.
all natural food fats fall into one of three categories- saturated, mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated.
all this has not, however, been an unmixed blessing.
although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective, the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever.
and his belief is not to his discredit.
as the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century.
as the play unfolds, however, the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community.
aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene, it is a quite normal community.
better minds than Hale's were- and still are- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken".
demons, fairies, angels, and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars.
even Mr& Miller himself seems uncertain on this score.
everyone in Salem, saint and sinner alike, is swept up by it.
for all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night, the demon world is populated with real creatures, and witches actually can be seen flying through the air.
for in the modern world neither" spirit" nor" matter" refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience.
here Keys and others, such as Dr& A& E& Ahrens of the Rockefeller Institute, took over to demonstrate the chemical difference between vegetable and animal fats- and even between different varieties of each.
if one asks about this play, what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power, there is no better answer to give than" spirit".
in a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play, he says at one point:" however, that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants.
in carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit.
in doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions, removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear, and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions.
in it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general, which now cause us much difficulty, could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously.
in our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play.
in such a world the words" matter" and" spirit" both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all.
in the end the good man, John Proctor, expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says," A fire, a fire is burning!
instead, the audience can sit back at ease and, from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things, enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion.
it grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery, moral disintegration, and destruction.
it is like a mysterious epidemic which, starting first with Abigail and Parris, spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it.
just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities.
just what is meant by" spirit" and by" matter"?
mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule, and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens.
not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true.
one of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit.
saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens.
science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives.
science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time.
that same year the University of California's Dr& Laurance Kinsell, timing oxidation rates of blood fats, stumbled onto the discovery that many vegetable fats cause blood cholesterol levels to drop radically, while animal fats cause them to rise.
that year, Sweden's Haqvin Malmros showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods.
the audience leaves the play under a spell, It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes.
the concept of unity, in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force, in which good and evil are relative, ever-changing, and always joined to the same phenomenon- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas **h.
the conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures, foibles, irritations, and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age.
the degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule.
the house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means, or at best with wholly inadequate means, for dealing with his experience of spirit.
the objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support.
the progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it.
the scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough.
the situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play < The Crucible, > which deals with the Salem witch trials.
the terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all.
the three fats have similar caloric values ( about 265 calories per oz& ), but each exerts a radically different influence on blood cholesterol.As a result, although we still make use of this distinction, there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed.
the tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them.
there have been, indeed, many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful.
there is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality, as we know and apprehend it, with respect to which we can refer this experience.
there is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people.
this is not to attempt to say what spirit is, but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience.
we are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected.
we are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false.
we marvel at their blindness for not seeing this.
we simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience.
when the words are used, we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind, or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours.
when we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness- until redeemed- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon, a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state".
when, therefore, it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit, these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality.
yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century, who rightly do not believe there is any such" thing" as the devil, just as bad off as they- only in a different way?
yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do.
## IN SPITE OF the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's, the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent, or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public.
( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation;
) Tillich as well.
I came to England last summer to do research on the unpublished letters of Cardinal Newman.
ONE HUNDRED years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom.
a Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled" The True Story of Guy Fawkes", which began:" when you pile your" guy" on the bonfire tomorrow night, I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember?
a Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university, following Anglican evensong, at which there was a congregation of twelve, he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred.
a Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory ( Catholic ) Church on Sunday mornings.
a further 260 Anglican churches have been demolished since 1948".
a second point requires more extended comment.
according to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England, the" total of confirmed members is 9,748,000, but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls", and" over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England, but roughly only a tenth of them continue".
although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church, they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity.
an amazing article in the < Manchester Guardian > of last November, entitled" Fate of Redundant Churches", states than an Archbishops' Commission" reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now, or will be in 20 years' time.
and ( 3 ) in so doing, frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that, from Bultmann's point of view, are mythological.
and in the last five years, the" Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or, more often, the sale of 764 chapels".
as an American Catholic of Irish ancestry, I came with certain preconceptions and expectations;
being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general 19th-century literature of England, I knew only a Protestant-dominated country.
but it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope, at least on the Catholic side.
but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England.
finally, we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously" neoliberal" movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead.
for the" tide is well on the turn", as the London Catholic weekly < Universe > has written.
for we have said, in effect, that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion, only one is really an alternative.
for we must number here not only the names of Bushnell, Clarke, and Rauschenbusch, not to mention those of" the Chicago School" and Macintosh, but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him!
for, in either event, the first possibility is excluded.
from many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services.
hence, if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected, it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted;
however much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations, the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go < beyond > liberalism, not < behind > it.
if the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally, the position of the" right" is clearly untenable.
in 1864 Newman professedly had to write his < Apologia > with his keenest feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers.
in affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led.
in any case, I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen, even in Devonshire and Cornwall, where anti-Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest.
in any event, it is an irreversible step, and if we are at all honest with ourselves, we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us.
in order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible, we may develop this argument at greater length.
in representing part of this new picture, I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences, reactions and judgments;
in the 355 years since the first Guy Fawkes Night, much of the story has been forgotten, so here is a reminder".
it follows, then, provided the possibilities have been exhausted, that the only < real > alternative is the general viewpoint of the" left", which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and, to some extent at least, is found in much that is significant in American and English theology.
it is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong.
it will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the" right", as represented by Barth, rests on the following thesis: the only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation;
many people seem hopeful, yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of Christian unity in 1961 than there was in 1861.
most of these former churches are now used as warehouses, but" neither Anglicans nor Nonconformists object to selling churches to Roman Catholics", and have done so.
now again in 1961, in England, there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity.
now, in 1961, the Catholic population of England is still quite small ( ten per cent, or 5 million );
nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism.
on my first Guy Fawkes Day here, I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires, and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day.
representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches, and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome, this association produced little fruit, and, in fact, was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864.
she found this a marvel because, as she said, only six per cent of English people are churchgoers.
she may not have been exact on this number, but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten.
since arriving here, however, I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England.
since the Protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit, my Roman collar and black garb usually identify me in England as a Roman Catholic cleric.
the Church Unity Octave, January 18-25, was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches.
the Protestants themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches.
the article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a catholic plot to kill King James 1,.
the return of the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 was looked upon with indignant disapprobation and, in fact, was charged with being a gesture of disloyalty.
therefore, the only conceivable alternatives are those represented, on the one hand, by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and, on the other hand, by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann.
they have insisted, rather, on living fully and completely within modern culture and, so far from considering this treason to God, have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him.
thus, if what is at issue is whether" All S is P", it is indifferent whether" Some S is not P" or" No S is P", since in either case the judgment in question is false.
to do this, it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two, then the question of a" third" possibility is a meaningless question.
to say this, of course, is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years, or, at any rate, since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought.
we have aligned ourselves with that" liberal" tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher, Ritschl, Herrmann, Harnack, and Troeltsch, and more recently, Schweitzer and the early Barth and, in part at least, Bultmann.
we may show, first, that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann, Barth, and Buri.
what makes this long and diverse tradition essentially < one > is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world.
when we say, then, that today, in our situation, the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition, we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement.
whereas Bultmann's" center" position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone, the general position of the" right", as represented, say, by Karl Barth, involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered.
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population.
" Eve was disobedient;
" along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death, because they did eat in disobedience;
" wherefore also He [ God ] drove him [ man ] out of Paradise, and removed him far from the tree of life, not because He envied him the tree of life, as some venture to assert, but because He pitied him, [ and did not desire ] that he should continue a sinner for ever, nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal, and evil interminable and irremediable.
Adam and Eve were perfect, not in the sense that they possessed perfection, but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection.
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul;
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals, but as universal human beings, who were and are all of humanity.
and He laid down for him certain conditions: so that, if he kept the command of God, then he would always remain as he was, that is, immortal;
and disobedience to God entails death.
and even as she, having indeed a husband, Adam, but being nevertheless as yet a virgin **h, having become disobedient, was made the cause of death, both to herself and to the entire human race;
and, being left carnal, he will be an imperfect being, possessing the image [ of God ] in his formation, but not receiving the similitude [ of God ] through the Spirit".
as man can live only by dying, so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life.
at the nadir of that circuit is death.
because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children, Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being" due, no doubt, to carelessness, but still wicked".
but He set a bound to his [ state of ] sin, by interposing death, and thus causing sin to cease, putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh, which should take place in the earth, so that man, ceasing at length to live in sin, and dying to it, might live to God".
but if he did not, he would become mortal, melting into earth, whence his frame had been taken".
death reminds man of his sin, but it reminds him also of his transience.
even death, therefore, has a providential as well as a punitive function.
existence is created and willed by God and is not the consequence of a pre-existent rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history.
for ' God had not rained ', says the Scripture, before man was made, ' and there was no man to till the earth '.
for as it was Christ, the Word of God, who came to rescue man, so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world, and all our woe.
for he was created not exactly immortal, nor yet exactly mortal, but capable of immortality as well as of mortality.
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ.
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin.
from God's Will and Wisdom, and from virgin earth.
from this earth, then, while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man, the beginning of humanity".
he does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the fall;
he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the Sabbath.
he was, in the words of Irenaeus," beguiled by another under the pretext of immortality".
his interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary.
historical existence is a created good.
in any case, though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree, they obtained mortality instead.
in the similitude of God he created him".
it becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam, who does indeed come to destroy sin, but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality.
it is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next.
it is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is.
it represents a punishment that he knows he deserves, but it also symbolizes most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time.
man was created with the capacity for immortality, but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality.
man's life, originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God, must now be conformed to the shape of death.
nevertheless, even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God, and he still rules.
recent research on Irenaeus, however, makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction.
so also did Mary, having a man betrothed [ to her ], and being nevertheless a virgin, by yielding obedience, become the cause of salvation, both to herself and the whole human race".
such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older, in short, whether Adam's life was intended to be part of the process of time.
that parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too;
the biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words:" so God created man in his own image;
the repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated.
the similitude of God, by contrast, is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature.
the true way to immortality lay through obedience, but man did not believe this.
the wages of sin is death.
there are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished, so most notably in the statement:" if the [ Holy ] Spirit is absent from the soul, such a man is indeed of an animal nature;
there is no justification for systematizing the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this, nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of God ( humanity ) and the similitude of God ( immortality ).
therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows:" so that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur, and become lifted up, as if he had no lord, because of the dominion that had been given to him, and the freedom, fall into sin against God his Creator, overstepping his bounds, and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God, a law was given him by God, that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all.
therefore there is no need for him, as there is for Origen, to identify existence itself with the fall.
these conditions man did not keep, and thus he became mortal;
these two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated, but they dare not be confused or identified.
they speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility, which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history.
they were, in fact, children.
this applies to his picture of Adam.
this emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early theologians, especially the Greek-speaking ones.
this idea, which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian, fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus' theology;
this leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed, namely, on a Friday, as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good Friday;
thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster;
wherefore, as they became forfeit to death, from that [ moment ] they were handed over to it".
with this act of disobedience, and not with the inception of his individual existence, man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history, descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality.
yet he did not stop being human as a result.
" if it gave me pleasure to say hard things", he wrote," I would shut up forever".
<" God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life", > and <" as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name" >.
Boston has been controlled by a few capitalists, lawyers and other managers, who told the editors what to say and the preachers what to think".
I STOOD at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain.
I believe, therefore, that we are without exception sinners, by nature alienated from God, and that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, came to earth, the representative Head of a new race, to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world, and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal Saviour is" born again" spiritually, with new privileges, appetites, and affections, destined to live and grow in His likeness forever.
I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ, who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge, and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world.
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world.
I have, within the past fifty years, come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt.
I now ever look for Christ acording to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well, to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth.
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability, dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him.
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Parker could weep- and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest provocation- but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a remorseless readiness to massacre his opponents.
Parker meant business.
again, as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour, I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love, wisdom, power and prayer.
although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book, I stood outside shivering in the cold.
and he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them:" even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria, and are worse than those who deceived them"- which implied that they were very bad indeed.
are you longing for peace in your heart?
as I ministered to his needs, I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord.
as a short, possibly not the best method, I looked up" Word" in the Concordance and noted that the Bible claims from Genesis 1 to Revelation 22 to be God's personal message to man.
as only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family, likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own.
at one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a" Higher Criticism" of the Bible, to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology, for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure.
because he copiously shed his own tears, and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England, he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences.
before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds.
doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and, like some higher critical friends, trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations: attempting to bridge the chasm between an older, reverent, Bible-loving generation and a critical, doubting, Bible-emancipated race.
he was about to leave them, to depart from this world, and return to His Father in Heaven.
here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path, to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism, or the thing that works.
how often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room, asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures.
in an amateurish, yet in a very real sense, I have followed the developments of archaeology, geology, astronomy, herpetology, and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields.
in his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said, <" Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you.
in one thing the higher critics, like the modernists, however, overreached themselves, in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century, perhaps as late as 150 A&D&.
it has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions, the nature of the hope of a life beyond this.
it is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody, professing the deepest piety, decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A& M& on the third of August, A& D& 32.
it is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace;
it makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients.
it was" < Duty >" he said that his parents had given him as a rule- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied- and it was duty he would perform, though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty.
let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid" >.
looking unto God, the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago: <" thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee" >.
nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable" moral life", although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues.
nor, when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration, should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus:" talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells!
not that empty peace the world offers, but a deep, abiding peace which nothing can destroy.
now, if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant, it is John's Gospel.
our Lord's invitation with its implied promise to all is," Come and see".
our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of 1848 seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival, that of the literal, factual historicity of the miracles as reported in the Four Gospels.
perhaps you are not His child.
perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him.
reproach the Catholics for it!
so we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy, to salute his courage, and to pass on, happily forgetting both him and the entire episode.
so, I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself, and then tested it to see how it worked.
such a calm and assuring peace can be yours.
test it, try it, and if it works, accept it as a guiding principle.
the Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body.
the next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly" science", and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that, <" If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself" > ( John 7:17 ).
the outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book, and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God, Son of Man by the Virgin Mary, the Saviour of the world.
there are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom, nor a mitre on their head, who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome, but to the Almighty Dollar, a pope much nearer home.
this was war.
to ask me to believe that so inexpressibly marvelous a book was written long after all the events by some admiring follower, and was not inspired directly by the Spirit of God, is asking me to accept a miracle far greater than any of those recorded in the Bible.
to state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends.
we have no answer as to why we are not alarmed.
we have not the leisure, or the patience, or the skill, to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor, the majesterial Andrews Norton, by saying that, while he believed Jesus" like other religious teachers", worked miracles," I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine".
we have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein, he believed what he said, because he could continue," But the TRUTH, which cost me bitter tears to say, I must speak, though it cost other tears hotter than fire".
what a joy to realize that we, too, can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him.
why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now, accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give.
you and I do the same thing.
you may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father.
" sad" was not the right word, of course.
Hitler did just that 23 years ago, building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war.
I doubt that" fear parties" and" group confessionals" will help very much.
a man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family.
a middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall, she threw out a few belongings and then jumped;
a visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks, and after he had seen it all, he said to a friend:" you must be a very sad people".
and nobody knows what comes next.
and that 's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears, to develop the poise that promotes peace.
and that's worse than sad.
and there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world.
another man tried to swim across the river from the East to the West, but was shot and killed.
but the enemy answers them from loudspeakers that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity.
does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business?
first," the Lord is my < light >".
he did n't know anything about the problems we face today.
he did n't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours.
he has already devoured huge areas of the world, putting men behind concrete walls and iron curtains and barbed wire, reducing them to slavery, systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls, and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison.
he lived in a very dark world, but he was not in the dark.
he must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world:" the Lord is my light and my salvation;
he should have said" jittery", for that's what we are.
in Psalm 27:1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you, or to drive them out if they have you in their grip:" the Lord is my light and my salvation;
in one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates.
is n't that where most of them are already- right out on the front page of our newspapers?
it could have the same effect on Communists.
it is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack.
maybe we are talking about them too much.
meanwhile, the enemy will capitalize on our fears, if he can.
no?
notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith.
of whom shall I be afraid"?
of whom shall I be afraid"?
our enemy is also threatening to devour us.
people stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings, weeping, pounding it with their fists, pleading for loved ones.
practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city.
read the next two verses:" when the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.
she was fatally injured.
suppose we do get our fears out in the open, what then?
that is a sound position, but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid.
that is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today, is n't it?
the Lord is the strength of my life;
the Lord is the strength of my life;
the President of the United States has said:" we will never negotiate out of fear, and we will never fear to negotiate".
the entrance to a church has been walled up, so that the congregation, most of which is in the western sector, cannot worship God there anymore.
the fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise, or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate.
the normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day, but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day!
the question is: what are we going to do about them?
the same God who called this world into being when He said:" let there be light"!- those were His very first creative words- He began the world with light- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness.
there is only one escape left, a tragic one, and too many people are taking it: suicide.
these things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door.
though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident".
turning to the Word of God, we find the only sure way to do that.
watch people flock to amusement houses, cocktail lounges, and night clubs that advertise continuous entertainment, which means an endless flow of noise and frivolity by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something.
we are all involved in them, deeply involved.
we consume tons of aspirin and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart.
we have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons, dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate.
we live from crisis to crisis.
we spend billions of dollars at the race tracks, and more billions on other forms of gambling.
we spend billions of dollars on liquor, and many more billions on various forms of escapist entertainment.
well, you say, those are beautiful words all right, but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day.
what a terrible thing, that" wailing wall" in Berlin!
whom shall I fear?
whom shall I fear?
yes indeed, we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us.
yes, and as tension mounts in this world, fear is increasing.
#3.
#PREPARATION FOR MEMBERSHIP# CHURCHES THAT HAVE a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active.
YIN AND YANG IN THE" LO SHU" SQUARE# Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the < Lo Shu >, and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it, might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the < Lo Shu > held for the Old Chinese philosophers, this was actually only a beginning of wonders.
_1)_ The pastor < writes a personal letter > to each individual, expressing his joy over the decision, assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time, and outlining the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday.
_2)_ The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a < spiritual guidance conference >.
_3)_ A minimum of < four sessions of preparation for membership > is necessary for adults.
a helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter.
a piece of devotional material, such as < The Upper Room >, may be left in each home.
a program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship.
according to this doctrine, the universe was ruled by Heaven, < T' ien > - as a natural force, or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god- governing all things by means of a process called the < Tao >, which can be roughly interpreted as" the Order of the Universe" or" the Universal Way".
and the 6, the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest.
and the 9, Huo-Shan in Anhwei, which was then the South Sacred Mountain.
and whenever the < Lo Shu > involved directional symbolism, it was oriented in this same fashion.
and why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions, when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four?
as such, one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the < Lo Shu >;
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps.
but why did the Old Chinese postulate < five > elements, when the Ancient Near East- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities- recognized only four?
but, conversely, one cannot begin to understand the < Lo Shu > without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese, which they felt they saw expressed in it.
during the Han dynasty, another Yin-Yang conception was applied to the < Lo Shu >, considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China.
each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer.
few persons who join the Church are insincere.
for the < Lo Shu > square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time.
for the rivers, the 4 represented the Huai, to the ( then ) Southeast;
he will discuss the significance of Christian commitment, the necessity of family religion and private devotions, and the importance of the membership preparation sessions.
heaven, acting through the Tao, expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles, the Yin and the Yang.
if possible, he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present.
in the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church.
instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces, as was usually done, this equated the odd, Yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant, hence Yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( sinuous and yielding, hence Yin );
it is definitely a" spiritual guidance conference".
it is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be < prepared > for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant.
it is unfair and unchristian to ask a person to take the sacred vows of Church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications.
it should not be postponed later than the next day.
neglect means spiritual paralysis or death.
none should ask less.
note that by Western standards this plan was" upside down", as it put North at the bottom and South at the top, with the other directions correspondingly altered;
obviously, something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives, and that may have been the workings of the < Lo Shu >.
preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received.
scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature, or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things, in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical, and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries.
some churches require more.
some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors.
taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China.
the 1, Heng-Shan in Hopei, North China ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi );
the 2, the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest;
the 3, T' ai-Shan in Shantung, East China;
the 7, Hwa-Shan in Shensi, West China;
the 8, the Chi in the Northeast;
the Chinese world view during the Han dynasty, when the < Lo Shu > seems to have been at the height of its popularity, was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School, which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen.
the Yang, or male principle, was the source of light, heat, and dynamic vitality, associated with the Sun;
the first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church.
the pastor and the Membership Preparation and Assimilation Committee < must follow through > immediately with a carefully planned program.
the same arrangement was used when the < Lo Shu > was equated with the Nine Provinces;
the work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed.
there may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel.
these fatalities are dramatic evidence of" halfway evangelism", a failure to follow through.
they earnestly desire to do the will of God.
this is < not > a social call.
this is the answer to the problem of" membership delinquency".
this whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking.
thus the middle number, 5, represented Sung-Shan in Honan, Central China;
together these two principles influenced all things, and in varying combinations they were present in everything.
we have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being Yang, while the even numbers were Yin, so that the eight outer numbers of the < Lo Shu > represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the axial center.
when they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature, it is an < indictment of the Church >.
whereas the primary meanings of the < Lo Shu > diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers, until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought.
while the Yin, or female principle, flourished in darkness, cold, and quiet inactivity, and was associated with the Moon.
# By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure.
#BASIC NEEDS# NEW MEMBERS < can > become participating, growing members.
#CHAPTER 6 PLANNING FOR THE ASSIMILATION AND GROWTH OF NEW MEMBERS# THE CHURCH is" the family of God".
I shall touch on three areas: personal, national, and theological.
a completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms;
a study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were < lost to the Church within seven years >.
another major church body had 4,499,608 members and twenty years later its membership stood at 4,622,444.
approached creatively, it is a high art.
as much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God, they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him.
both eventualities are possible logically, but practically they are impossible.
but this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life.
care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him, but with these two qualifications, the statement stands.
during this period 7,484,268 members were received, yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741.
during this time 4,122,354 new members were brought into the fellowship.
every member of the family must have a vital place in its life.
everyone is to be a participant.
for every criterion which defines what something is, at the same time proclaims- implicitly if not openly- what that something is not.
fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small, but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us.
having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile, he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance.
however, it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian discipleship.
if the church has followed the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book, the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way.
in a certain sense, interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states.
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification, we ought to dispense with churches.
institutions require structure, form, and definition, and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion.
interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries.
interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all, for they have no redeeming features whatsoever.
is there any way out of the predicament?
it is the art of relating the finite to the infinite, of doing our best to insure that the particularistic requirements of religious institutions will not thwart God's intent of unity among men more than is minimally necessary.
it lies in institutions.
it must be planned and carefully developed.
man is at once a gregarious animal and a form-creating being.
massacres attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can engender.
modern psychology has shown that paralleling" the authoritarian personality" is" the bigoted personality" in which insecurity, inferiority, suspicion, and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally.
one denomination had a membership of 1,419,833 at the beginning of the period under study, and twenty years later its membership stood at 1,541,991- a net growth of only 122,158.
some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all, but by the need of men to have persons they can blame, distrust, denounce, and even hate.
some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether;
something is wrong when these things happen.
still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago.
studies of membership trends, even in some areas where population is expanding, show that numbers of churches have had little net increase, though many new members were received.
such needs may rise to pathological proportions.
the Church expects certain things of those who become members.
the entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process.
the local" family of God" has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare.
the members of the" family" are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom.
the new members justifiably expect some things from their church family: - Welcome into the fellowship - Sincere Christian love and understanding - Inspiring and challenging worship experiences - Social and recreational activities - Opportunities for Christian service - Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible - Creative prayer experiences - Guidance in Christian social concerns MEN need unity and they need God.
the only way that I can see is through communication.
the source of this paradox is not difficult to identify.
the statement also points to a classic paradox: the more men turn toward God, who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established, the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another.
the suggestion is naive.
the words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind:" oh how we hate one another for the love of God"!
these figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership.
this is no spectator-type experience;
this problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship.
those who enter the < front door > of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the < back door > because of lost interest.
to be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones, with a resultant fragmentation of the human race.
to escape this fate, it must rule some things out.
to propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools.
to some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us.
very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive.
what are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history?
when they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians.
yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions.
yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows.
yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point- helping new members to become participating, growing parts of the fellowship.
" I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design.
" I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country- by some deliberate act of refusal- than die uselessly by atomisation".
" if **h Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the < risk > of nuclear war, I think he is right.
" if asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility, most men will choose the latter".
" if it did n't prevail < mankind > would still be given the opportunity of prevailing";
" it is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples.
" it is worse for a nation to give in to evil **h than to run the risk of annihilation".
" the worst, and least probable" result;
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war".
MUCH MORE than shelter, housing symbolizes social status, a sense of" belonging", acceptance within a given group or neighborhood, identification with particular cultural values and social institutions, feelings of pride and worth, aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being.
Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment.
]" quoting Mr& Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war, he [ Toynbee ] says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the < possibility > of nuclear war".
above all, he does not debate mere contingencies, and therefore, if these are possibly dreadful, find himself forced into inaction.
against such a termination of human life on earth by human action, he then proposes as an alternative that we" negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available", that we deliberately" negotiate from comparative weakness".
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may < conceivably > or possibly or probably result, whether by anyone 's doing or by accident, it finds itself driven to inaction, to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs, and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based.
and, now and in the future unlike in the past, any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will, by human action, render this planet less habitable by the human race.
but I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase, but may be deliberately reduced" [ by precautions against accidents or by limiting war?
but one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense, or a static order in which no changes will take place in time, to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact: there has never been < justitia > imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some < pax-ordo > preserved by clothed or naked force.
by contrast, a good deal of nuclear pacifism begins with the contingencies and the probabilities, and not with the moral nature of the action to be done;
certainly, in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives," it is < never > possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds, and there are in truth < no > circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative".
especially is this true when, because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave, the action is prohibited.
even Professor Arnold Toynbee, agreeing with his son, does so in these terms:" compared to continuing to incur a constant < risk > of the destruction of the human race, all other evils are lesser evils **h.
even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of dehumanised humans occupying the earth until doomsday".
few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders.
finally, just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth, but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination, the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing, < by human action, > to accelerate this end.
for almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans.
for" surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the < possibility > of nuclear war".
he bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically, i&e&, by considering the worst possible outcome, namely, the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years.
he does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action.
he does not mean, in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition, that" if we took the risk of surrendering, a new generation in Britain would soon begin to amass its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender".
he does what he can and may and must, without regarding himself as lord of the future or, on the other hand, as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not" permit" in the sense explained.
he wants to be" brutally frank and say that these rebellions < would > be hopeless- far, far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956".
hope for the future **h would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop".
if an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic, speculative, future good, by the same token not every present, certain, and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic, speculative, and future evil.
if it continues indefinitely it is < nearly a statistical certainty > that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin".
if we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms, then we need to submit ourselves to the following" simple test":" have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are"?
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country.
it is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it, or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it, in the past.
it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself, its intention, and proximate effect or the thing to be < done >.
it is not surprising that, as spokesman for real estate interests, the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure.
it is to stride along the steep slope downward.
it means to < do it > and to know one is doing it, but as only a secondary if certain effect of the good one primarily does and intends.
let us therefore put first things first, and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be".
mr& Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that < if > he shared the anticipations of Orwell in < Nineteen Eighty-Four, if > he believed Communism was not only evil but" also < irredeemably > evil", then he might" think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world.
mr& Philip Toynbee writes, for example, that" in terms of probability it is surely < as likely as not > that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future < if the present situation continues >.
naturally, where one or the other of the effects of an action is uncertain, this has to be taken into account.
nevertheless, according to the traditional theory, a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate cosequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences.
nevertheless, the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified: it is" a possible result, however improbable";
no political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature.
not to repel injury and uphold and improve < pax-ordo > means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment, but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand.
of course, grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation, or to the action of any leader or leaders, which for any supposed good" permits", in < this > sense, the termination of the human race by human action.
on their way to the Heavenly City the children of God make use of the < pax-ordo > of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation.
presumably, if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming, not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate, but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account.
several of the replies to Mr& Toynbee, without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil, succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made, by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil.
that is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to" permitted" effects, and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated, or not directly morally related, to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures.
the only contrary action, in the future as in the past, runs the < risk > of war;
there must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view, but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm.
this is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war, by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons.
this is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted, to the very last;
this pressure has urged re-evaluation of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics;
this would be by far the better choice, when" it is a question of < allowing > the human race to survive, possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest, or of < allowing > it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish".
thus, moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely eventuality;
we should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future.
would such an act of refusal be useful?
#AN OCTILLION ATOMS# Now let us see where this power comes from.
#ATOMIC ENERGY# To see this vision in perspective, we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom.
#a FRAGMENTED SOCIETY# ( 3 ) Over the years, individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed.
#a SPECK- AND SPACE# Now although an atom is small, we can still in imagination have a look at it.
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body;
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry.
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body, I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima.
I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate, so I decided to take another measure- the whole state of Pennsylvania.
I will n't try the experiment, but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go, there would be quite an explosion.
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas.
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic;
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people;
and I asked myself a question: suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body, how large an area would they cover?
and a quadrillion peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia.
and it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith.
and the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today.
and then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond.
and then we have septillion.
and think, if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power, what a wonderful public utility company we would make.
and with the availability of bombs of that size, war became a new problem.
and yet there is a note of hope, because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision.
as a theologian in the group pointed out, a professional was, before the modern period of technical specialization, one who" professed" to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills.
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of TNT.
but we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb.
but we still have a long way to go.
but what significance attaches to" professional", beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client 's stated needs as already noted?
finally we go into the farthest reaches of the Milky Way;
for if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity, I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days.
how can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge?
hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce.
if we look about the world today, we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization: < science > and < religion >.
imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania, but instead of snowing snow, it snows peas;
it is power with which we can literally rebuild the world, provide adequate housing, food, education, abundant living for everyone everywhere.
it was only about the size of a baseball;
most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as" professional people" with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional professions.
next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas, then we go out among the neighboring stars, collect 250 planets each the size of the earth, and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep;
next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe- North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, all covered with peas four feet deep;
now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world.
of course, there is also an optimistic side to the picture.
one night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table, and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms;
our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other.
racial discrimination is wrong, then, not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator.
religion, or the lack of it, will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind, or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed.
salt water is still **f, the same hydrogen is there.
science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe, the power of the atom.
so we get the whole state covered with peas, about four feet deep.
so you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are.
that is a figure one with 27 ciphers, quite a large number.
that is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building;
then I calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator;
then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come.
then we have sextillion peas.
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies.
thus, moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions.
to grasp our new view of the atom, we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is.
water is **f and the H stands for hydrogen;
we are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material, a universe that in a word is not matter but music.
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body.
we get 250,000 planets;
we know that we have hydrogen in water;
we may feel pessimistic at the outlook.
with just the hydrogen of our bodies, we could run the world for years.
you can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars;
you know that I could hold right here in my hand the little chunk of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima.
#REFORM MOVEMENTS# With such a dream arising, at least in part, from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation, it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression.
#THE AMERICAN DREAM# The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock.
#THE ANTI-SLAVERY MOVEMENT# The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until, as a result of the Civil War, emancipation was achieved.
America, America, God mend thy every flaw, confirm thy soul in self control, thy liberty in law **h.
America, America, God shed His grace on thee, and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea".
Benjamin Lundy ( 1789-1839 ), a Quaker, was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies.
Finney himself, while opposed to slavery, placed his chief emphasis on evangelism, but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign.
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears.
Quakers, some from New England, had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted.
Theodore Dwight Weld ( 1803-1895 ) was especially active.
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R& Giddings and Edwin M& Stanton, enlisted John Quincy Adams, and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's < Uncle Tom's Cabin >.
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers.
a few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose.
a group of young men influenced by him enrolled in Lane Theological Seminary and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position.
a marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the Finney revivals.
a number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills.
a strong temperance advocate, through the influence of a favorite teacher, Charles Stewart, another Finney convert, he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause.
after 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted, chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock.
as a youth he became one of Finney's band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men.
as church membership burgeoned, such measures faded into desuetude.
as we have seen, Methodism early took a stand against slavery.
beginning at least as far back as 1789 various Baptist bodies condemned slavery.
but whether this was accompanied by a general lowering of the moral life of the membership we do not know.
by the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt, mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour.
chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of" immediate and unconditional abolition", he also espoused a great variety of other causes- among them women's rights, prohibition, and justice to the Indians.
for example, in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply.
garrison, Massachusetts born of Nova Scotian parentage, was by temperament and conviction a reformer.
here was what was called the American dream, namely, the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it.
here, too, must be placed Unitarianism and, less obviously from Christian inspiration, Emerson, Transcendentalism, and the idealism of Walt Whitman.
if guilty, the offender might be excluded from membership.
in the latter year Samuel Hopkins, from whom the Hopkinsian strain of New England theology took its name, asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery.
in the twentieth century its influence grew, as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration.
incurably optimistic, dogmatic, and utterly fearless, in his youth a devout Baptist, in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible.
it was he who turned the attention of William Lloyd Garrison ( 1805-1879 ) to the subject.
later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of Katherine Lee Bates ( 1859-1929 ), daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers, in her widely sung hymn, written in 1893," America the Beautiful", with the words" O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness.
long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly.
others were ephemeral.
several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism.
several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century.
significantly, the initiation and leadership of a major proportion of the reform movements, especially those in the first half of the nineteenth century, came from men and women of New England birth or parentage and from either Trinitarian or Unitarian Congregationalism.
some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose.
some have seen revivalism and the search for Christian perfection as the fountain-head of the American hope.
some were clearly of Christian origin, among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty, Christian equality, and Christian fraternity the passion of the land.
still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age.
the American dream was compounded of many strains.
the Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence, although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election, inspired its adherents to heroic endeavours for others, looked for the early coming of the Millennium, and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians, Emerson, and the Transcendentalists.
the anti-slavery movement took many forms.
the atmosphere was one of optimism, of confidence in human progress, and of a determination to rid the world of its ills.
the great seal of the United States was obviously inspired by the Christian faith.
the majority then went to the infant Oberlin.
the nineteenth-century immigration, whether Protestant or Roman Catholic, was not so much concerned, for very few if any among them held slaves: they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out, or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves.
they and others employed some of Finney's techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause.
throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock.
thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness, fighting, malicious gossip, lying, cheating, sexual irregularities, gambling, horse racing, and failure to pay just debts.
thus" America", the most widely sung of the patriotic songs, was written by a New England Baptist clergyman, Samuel Francis Smith ( 1808-1895 ), while a student in Andover Theological Seminary.
we cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or alleviation of collective ills.
we do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, the Seventh Day Adventists, Christian Science, the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, the American Home Missionary Society, the American Bible Society, and New England theology.
we have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life.
we know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who transgressed the ethical codes to which the majority subscribed.
we must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth- among them Melville, Hawthorne, and Henry James the elder, all of them out of a Christian background.
we should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe- among them prison reform, anti-slavery measures, legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour, the Inner Mission, and the Red Cross.
we will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements, through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards, and through leaders in the government.
what we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation.
with its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals.
" I stopped", responded the man," several times to look at beautiful sceneries".
" early this morning", replied the other," I set out from India".
" thou mayst have supernatural powers", exclaimed Yang Shan," yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me".
" we hope", they said," that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures".
" why", said the teacher," art thou so late"?
#THE NEED OF THE NEW BIRTH# Do not wonder that I said to thee," You must be born again".
( 1 )" A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess:" on one occasion Yang Shan ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air.
( 2 )" In the popular Chinese mind, Ch 'an ( Zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated.
( 3 )" Pope Leo 13,, on the 13th day of December 1898, granted the following indulgences:" an indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour.
**h All have sinned and have need of the glory of God.
1, St& Peter 1:15, 16.
2, Corinthians 4:3, 4.
Ephesians 2:1.
Hebrews 12:14.
Holiness without which no man will see God.
Pope Pius the Sixth, at Rome, in april, 1778, wrote the following:" the faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures: for these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone, to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times".
Romans 3:10-12, 23.
Romans 5:12.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE ALL HAVE SINNED._ As it is written, There is not one just man;
_THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE GOD IS HOLY._ But as the One who called you is holy, be you also holy in all your behavior;
_THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE THE NATURAL MAN IS SPIRITUALLY DEAD AND BLIND._ Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death, and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned.
a Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading".
a closer look at modern Zen reveals many magical carryovers that are still part of popular Zen attitudes.
all have gone astray together;
and if our gospel also is veiled, it is veiled only to those who are perishing.
and this is only natural- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest" wonder drug".
as the Zen literature reveals, as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion, he was called out into the world to exercise his powers.
but actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess, as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity:" Hwang Pah ( O baku ), one day going up Mount Tien Tai **h which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers, met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light.
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him.
but this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers.
but this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the Westerner mistakes it.
early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine, personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence.
exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China, and proposed instead a more mature, less credulous view of the universe.
for it is written, You shall be holy, because I am holy.
in support of this, stories from the early literature are cited to show that Zen attacks the idea of supernatural power.
in the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government, only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a kingdom-wide ordering of nature: popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers.
in their case, the god of this world [ Satan ] has blinded their unbelieving minds, that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God.
it is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man.
it is simply that in Taoist tradition- as in all good mysticisms- books, words, or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience.
modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian, highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief- scriptures are burned to make fire, action is based on direct self-confidence, and so on.
one of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts.
one patriarch is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an outhouse.
part of the mealtime ritual in the Zendo consists in offerings of rice to the spiritual beings".
reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge, but a positive handicap.
since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read, the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing.
st& John 3:7.
the American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible.
the anchorite strove, in fact, to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power.
the early anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles.
the monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Pah, and praised him as a true Mahayanist.
the technique of reality confusion- the use of paradox and riddles to shake the mind's grip on reality- originated with fourth and third century B&C& Chinese Quietism: the < koan > is not basically a new device.
the truth- the Eternal Truth- is not transmittable by words.
then the monk praised Yang Shan saying:" I have come over to China in order to worship Manjucri, and met unexpectedly with Minor Shakya", and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India, went back through the air.
there being no bridge, the master had to stop at the shore;
there is none who seeks after God.
there is none who understands;
thereupon Hwang Pah said:" if I knew thou art an Arhat, I would have doubled you up before thou got over there"!
they recommended, also, that" at a fixed hour, let the entire family be assembled for night prayers, followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures".
they went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent.
this picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as:" O you, demons and other spiritual beings, I now offer this to you, and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith.
thus, the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking, and for this reason, the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation.
to the Zen monk the universe is still populated with" spiritual beings" who have to be appeased.
when that monk came down and approached him with a respectful salutation, he asked:" where art thou from"?
you also, when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins.
" you must be born again" ( St& John 3:7 ).
#THE MEANS OF THE NEW BIRTH# _THE NEW BIRTH IS A WORK OF GOD._ But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God;
#a FINAL WORD# You may be very religious, a good church member, an upright, honest and sincere person;
< then > it will be a" fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God" if you have abused Him in your hands.
Ephesians 3:17.
Galatians 2:20.
God allowed it.
God has already set the day when < you will be in His hands >.
God placed Himself in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one Being.
God withheld His wrath.
I am a magazine;
YOU MAY DO AS YOU PLEASE with God now.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS IMMEDIATE AND INSTANTANEOUS._ Amen, amen, I say to you, he who hears my word, and believes him who sent me, has life everlasting, and does not come to judgment, but has passed from death to life.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS MIRACULOUS AND MYSTERIOUS._ The wind blows where it will, and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes.
and God allowed it.
and the life that I now live in the flesh, I live in the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself up for me.
being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour, and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition, I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works, and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him.
finally men arrested Him, gave Him a mock trial, flogged Him, nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven;
he has said," Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me" ( Revelation 3:20 ).
he is in your hands- < now >.
he was then in man's hands.
it is permitted.
it is permitted.
it is permitted.
it was permitted.
men spit on Him.
my name is Guideposts;
on the other hand, you may seek His favor, humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy, implore His forgiveness, forsake your sins, and abandon your whole life to Him.
others unknown.
our blessed Lord Jesus Christ, the sinless Son of God, who could not lie, said," Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God" ( St& John 3:3 ).
so is everyone who is born of the Spirit.
some are so filled with gratitude, for the gift of life and the love of God, that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known, and will never see.
some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope.
some of the people who speak through my pages are famous;
some work with their hands.
st& John 1:12, 13.
st& John 3:8.
st& John 5:24.
that purpose has never changed.
the choice is up to you.
the choice is yours: God is in your hands, < now >.
the choice is yours: the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God;
the eternal Christ may knock at your soul's door, calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven.
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline.
the latch is on your side of the door.
they called Him a devil.
they cursed Him.
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary.
to have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts.
to those who believe in his name: who were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
what He does with you < then > depends on what you do with Him < now >.
when I came into being, 15 years ago, I had one primary purpose: to help men and women everywhere to know God better, and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people.
when you read me, you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts.
you can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present.
you can ignore Him.
you can ignore His Book, the Bible, and His church.
you can laugh at His blood-bought salvation, curse His followers, and laugh at hell.
you cannot be saved;
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again.
you may attend mass, do penance, say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church;
you may be baptized, confirmed, reverent and worshipful;
you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment.
you may refuse Him, spit on Him, call Him a devil, curse Him.
you may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose.
**h" What should I do?
< Diario de la Marina > was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba, with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny.
Castro's reforms?
HAVANA was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices.
I am a magazine;
I am sure that Castro was happy, too, about that support.
I had watched Castro handling his enemies before the paredon.
I need your support, your criticism, your encouragement, your prayers.
I was full of hope as Fidel Castro came into Havana.
I was proud of the new buildings which housed < Diario > now: the rotogravures, gleaming behind glass doors;
a good word for it is fellowship.
a shorter word is love.
a suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist.
all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him.
already the city was filled with Barbudos, the bearded, war-dirty Revolutionaries, carrying carbines, waving to the crowds that lined the Prado.
and then Castro himself did come, bearded, smiling;
and there is also something intangible that hovers around the table.
at first I was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man.
but most disturbing of all were the advisers he called to sit with him in the Palace;
but, you see, those who are not mentioned will not resent it.
each meeting starts with a prayer, offered spontaneously by one member of the group.
economic aid?
farm workers had their wages cut almost in half.
for Castro was bringing Cuba not freedom, but hatred.
for you, readers, are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is Guideposts.
he had promised cheaper housing: arbitrarily he cut all rents in half, whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room.
he seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance.
he showed us how he dealt with his enemies: he executed them before TV cameras.
he spent long hours before the TV spitting out promises of revenge.
his People's Courts;
his division of society into two classes, one the hero, the other the villain.
in my mind, I began to review: his use of hate to gain support;
it takes many forms, this prayer, but in essence it is always a request for guidance, for open minds and gentle hearts, for honesty and sincerity, for the wisdom and the insights that will help Guideposts' readers.
many came from Communist countries.
may He bless you all.
my grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials.
my message, today, is the same as it was 15 years ago: that there is goodness in people, and strength and love in God.
my name is Guideposts.
my own earliest memories are of exiles: my three brothers and I were taken often to the United States" to visit relatives" while my father stayed on to fight the dictator Machado.
new schools were rising, but with this went a harsh proclamation: any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid.
none of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead.
not so.
of this, only 50 cents a day was paid in cash, the rest in script usable only in" People's Stores".
on home sets children were watching the death throes of men who were shot before the paredon, the firing wall.
paredon!
perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all.
perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs, a little sanctimonious?
recently, John Sherrill was stricken with one of the deadliest forms of cancer.
rose Weiss, who handles all the prayer-requests that we receive, answering each letter personally, has the serene selflessness that comes from suffering: she has had many major operations, and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches.
rumors flew from lip to lip that Fidel Castro was on his way to Havana, coming from the mountains where he had fought Batista for five years.
serious, yes, but also much laughter.
sharp division of opinion, too, and strenuous debate.
that is the kind of people they are.
the hated dictator Batista had fled.
there are brain-wracking searches for the right word, the best phrase, the most helpful idea.
there was no doubt in my mind that if I crossed him, mobs would appear outside our windows shouting" Paredon!
today the cancer is gone.
under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
we have also seen the power of faith at work among us.
we prayed for John, during surgery, we asked others to pray;
what should I do about it, I asked myself?
when it was my turn, I, too, printed the truth as I knew it about Batista, and rejoiced to see his regime topple.
within a week, however, I began to suspect that something was wrong.
yet if you looked closely you 'd see that his eyes did not pick up the smile on his lips.
" I just love them", he said.
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants.
I dig it, rake it smooth, sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray.
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture, tilth and body.
I like sawdust for this, or hay.
I like to make a seedbed right in the open, though many people start them successfully in cold frames.
I sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce such beauties in that weather.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL bed of pansies I 've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a sizzling day.
_2._ It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition.
_2._ Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them;
_3._ After you have taken a breather, { reverse } the position of your legs so that the { front } thigh of the { previous } exercise is now to the { rear }, and the { rear } thigh now to the { front }, and perform the same movement in the same manner.
_3._ It improves over-all balance and control for the bodybuilder, and helps to make Squats more easily and more correctly performed.
_4._ It increases flexibility of the legs.
_5._ It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the { advanced } bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately, thus enabling a massive, concentrated effort to be focused on each.
a light, porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth.
although I suggested that you hold the bar at the { back } of the neck there 's no reason why you should n't make some experiments with the bar held in { front } of the neck.
ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby.
as soon as they are large enough to move, I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom.
before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you 'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran!
but do n't worry.
but for purely definition purposes- used in conjunction with your regular Squatting, Leg Curling, Leg Extensor programs- a heavy weight is not needed.
but pansy seeds, he told me, soon" run down".
definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable.
every time you transplant a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller.
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split.
for my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting.
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck );
he planted the pansy seeds himself, buying them from a pansy specialist.
he seemed puzzled by my question.
his soil was" nothing special", just prairie land, but he had harrowed in compost until it was loose, spongy and brown-black.
if you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate.
indeed, a lighter weight works much better because a greater, more extensive split can be performed.
it 's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them.
it does n't really matter which month of the year you sow them, but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature, very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours.
it is n't easy to describe it, but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil.
it is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the { hipline}- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders **h a criterion of muscle" drama" that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike **h the facet of muscular development that wins prizes.
nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies.
now raise the weight by { straightening } your { front } leg, { without moving your feet }.
occasionally, when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he did;
of course his love was expressed in intelligent care.
oh, you 'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first.
pansies are supposed to like it cool, but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun.
pansies do n't have to be coddled;
really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times, for the following suggestions show why it is so effective: _1._ It 's a { complete } thigh contraction-extension exercise.
squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the { left } and { right } leg to the { front }.
that 's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell.
the One Leg Lunge is a { split } and all lifters practice this in their regular workouts.
the exercise I shall discuss in this- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part- is the One Leg Lunge.
the moral is: do n't transplant it any oftener than you must.
the more I talked with him, the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming.
their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains.
then I cover the sowing with a board.
these specialists, I learned, have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers.
they germinate quickly, the tiny plants appearing in a week, and grow along lustily.
they' d rather have things rugged, with only moderate protection on the coldest days.
this keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds.
used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin!
when the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board.
when the front knee is straight and { locked }, allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands.
when they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants, it 's time to set them out where they are to remain.
why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for < everyone >, no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths!
you 'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here 's the way it 's done: _1._ Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean.
you should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise.
you should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments **h just for safety.
## THE forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed.
#NATURALLY DORMANT AND NO SPRAY DANGER# Today, refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world.
#NUTRITIOUS AND A CHOLESTEROL REDUCER# Good taste and versatility, plus safety from spray poisons would be enough to recommend the frequent use of such a fruit, even if its nutritional values were limited.
FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO, ONE, FIRE!
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways.
a great many writers are bewitched by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets.
an aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there.
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes.
and unlike other fruits, one cannot eat the skin of the avocado.
aside from this, the average portion contains some protein, an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement, and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement.
at this point it should be painfully obvious that cities, being" soft", and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons.
avocados, however, are very rich in nutrients.
because of a missile's ballistic trajectory, the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately.
because of this, it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability.
calcium, phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts, and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts.
dr& Wilson C& Grant, of the Veterans' Administration Hospital, Coral Gables, Florida, and the University of Miami School of Medicine, set out to discover if avocados, because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids, would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients.
even if all these operations could be performed < instantaneously >, the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes.
forces < will survive > a surprise attack, and these forces will give depth, or considerable duration, to the conflict.
however, because this vulnerability is mutual, it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities, at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal.
if our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide, then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles.
if the temperature is controlled properly, the avocado will delay its ripening until needed.
if we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets, it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons.
in order to destroy the enemy's mobile, moving, or imprecisely located strategic forces, we must have a hunter-killer capability < in addition > to our missiles.
is there any other way to do the job?
it is brought to packing houses, cleaned and graded as to size and quality, and packed in protective excelsior.
it is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the B-52 or B-70 in hunter-killer operations against Soviet railway-based missiles.
it is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker, in possession of such absolute power, would simultaneously destroy his opponent's cities and people.
it is thick, much like an egg plant's skin, so that poison sprays, if they are used, present no hazard to the consumer.
it seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders, we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us.
it should be appallingly apparent that city-trading is not a profitable military tactic.
let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force.
missiles are very valuable weapons, but they also have their too little known limitations.
never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear.
none of these values is destroyed, not significantly altered by refrigeration storage.
nuclear weapons are fearsome, but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying.
nuclear weapons have given the world the means for self-destruction in hours or days;
one must first < detect > a fleeting mobile or moving target, < decide > that it is worthy of destruction, < select > the missile to be fired against the target, < compute > ballistics for the flight, and < prepare > the missile for firing.
one of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind.
placing missiles in submarines, on barges, railroads, highways, surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons.
survivability of our strategic forces ( Polaris, mobile and hardened Minuteman, hardened Atlas and Titan, and airborne Skybolt ) means that it will take some time, perhaps weeks, to destroy a strategic force.
the B vitamins are well represented, especially thiamin and riboflavin.
the aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile, fleeting, and imprecisely located targets as well as the known, fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile.
the fruit is allowed to mature on the tree, but it is still firm at this point.
the fruit is then cooled to 42 'F&, a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state.
the nation would be utterly devastated.
the pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach.
the study comprised 16 male patients, ranging in age from 27 to 72.
the tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard.
the will of its people, so crucial in time of peril, would be broken.
their main asset is an abundance of unsaturated fatty acids, so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system.
then they were given 1 to 1-1 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption.
there is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed.
therefore, if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes, the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered.
they could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ), or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force.
they were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible, the normal cholesterol level of their blood.
this cooling does not change the avocado in any way, it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature ( room temperature ) is restored.
this happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen.
until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by spacecraft, manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us.
war, under these circumstances, cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation.
we must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves.
we must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile.
why, then, are n't we planning a larger, more important role for manned military aircraft?
with a nation defenseless before it, why would the attacker spare the victim's people?
would n't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation?
( Babin has acquired some of Schnabel's keyboard manner, but his playing is of limited insight.
( music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat.
( special compliments to the double bass playing of Johann Krumpp: his scrawny, tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance.
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and Demus-Schubert Quartet ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned, pleasantly lyrical, but rather slack and tensionless.
) from the technical standpoint, records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color, texture, complexity, range, intensity, pulse, and pitch of the original.
) the Glazer-Fine Arts edition ( Concert-Disc ) is a model of lucidity and organization.
Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's, but the sound on his Decca disc is dated, and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it.
Artur Schnabel was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time, and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable.
Helmut Roloff, playing with a group of musicians from the Bayreuth Ensemble, gives a sturdy reading, in much the same vein as that of the last-mentioned pianists.
I, for one, rather regret that Schnabel did n't collaborate with the Budapest Quartet, whose rugged, athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's interpretative outlook than the style of the Belgian group.
MUST records always sound like records?
Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity, his innate rhythmic vibrancy, and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one.
Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound, and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $2.98 ) is worthy of consideration.
a contributing factor is the perspective, the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained.
about the Pro Arte's contribution I am less happy.
although lacking absolute verisimilitude, they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for re-creation of the original.
and although Schnabel's pianism bristles with excitement, it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications.
any alteration of one of these factors is distortion, although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests.
because of this, only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers' triumph.
but Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer, and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( Clifford Curzon, Frank Glazer, Adrian Aeschbacher, and Victor Babin ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills.
but having lived with the disc for some time now, I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or Fleisher's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon's.
but if you know The Real Thing, you know that what you are hearing is only a clever imitation.
but the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own.
certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions, most notably the" Schnabel trill" ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ).
command's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one.
every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out, and of these I would especially cite the delicious < la^ndler > touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ), and the gossamer shading throughout.
from a technical standpoint, the string playing is good, but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here.
from the beginning of commercial recording, new discs purported to be indistinguishable from The Real Thing have regularly been put in circulation.
here is truly a" Great Recording of the Century", and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect.
if we return to them today, we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing.
in many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects: the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer.
it is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort.
let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first.
like the recent < Scheherazade > from London ( HIGH FIDELITY, Sept& 1961 ), it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects.
on the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang, appreciate the distinctive qualities of < Parsifal > under Karl Muck's baton, or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic.
other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived rehearing to acquire in time the status of classics.
recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches, when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances.
records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music.
returning once again to the Schnabel reissue, I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration.
seen in perspective, many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones.
since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago, the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold.
some of Curzon 's playing strikes me as finicky, however.
some of them are obvious, such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our reponses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings.
the Hephzibah Menuhin-Amadeus Quartet ( Angel ) and Victor Babin-Festival Quartet ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing.
the assisting musicians from the Vienna Octet are somewhat lacking in < expertise >, but their contribution is rustic and appealing.
the easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values.
the effect of the recording is very open and natural, with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance.
the engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness.
the occasion for this marathon: Angel's long-awaited reissue in its" Great Recordings of the Century" series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version.
the orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes, valve clicks, and other noises incidental to playing.
the piano performance on this < Trout > is one that really demands a search for superlatives.
the sound may be good;
the twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone, but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet.
the violinist, in particular, is very indulgent with swoops and slides, and his tone is pinched and edgy.
there is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the" < Forellen >" movement, and I suspect that this is due to imperfect splicing between sides of the original SPs.
this absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity, but it eliminates listener fatigue.
this difference is made up of many factors.
this is a serious-minded interpretation, but it is never strait-laced.
this recording surely belongs in everyone's collection.
turning to the more modern versions, Curzon's ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work.
whether considered alone or in relation to other editions, COLH 40 is a document of prime importance.
why, for example, does he favor < two > tempos, rather than one, for the third movement?
yet it is the accumulation of distortion, the fitting together of fractional bits until the total reaches the threshold of our awareness, that makes records sound like records.
yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master, and as a result the playing here has humor, delicacy, and radiant humanity.
" no", he replies," full grown, adult show dogs, housebroken, and obedience-trained".
" puppies"?
#ANNE HONE ROGERS JUDGES 28TH FINALS# This year Anne Hone Rogers, outstanding Handler, judged the Class.
#ENTRIES INCREASING- REQUIREMENTS RAISED# In 1960, there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes.
#INTERNATIONAL CHAMPION OF THE YEAR# BETTY LOU HAM, age 16, Holyoke, Mass&, showing an Irish Setter, was chosen as International Champion of the year.
#JUDGING CLASS FOR INTERMEDIATES PROPOSED# It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes.
#MORE VOLUNTEER HANDLERS NEEDED TO JUDGE# Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition.
#OTHER AWARDS FOR JUNIORS# The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show.
#OTHER WINNERS# SYDNEY LE BLANC, age 15, Staten Island, N&Y&, showing a Doberman Pinscher, was 2nd.
( the purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good sportsmen.
) Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year.
) it seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered.
AT ONE TIME, to most Americans, unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water, boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen, rich people, and the United States Navy.
Juniors competed last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this Class- the Finals for the year.
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them.
KAREN MARCMANN, age 16, Trapp, Penna&, showing a Keeshond was 4th.
PERCY ROBERTS, a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March.
SUSAN HACKMANN, age 14, from Baltimore, Md&, showing a Dachshund, was 3rd.
a Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible.
a large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners.
about 40,000,000 people participated in boating in 1960.
after the judge moved all the dogs individually, she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring.
are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient?
as the Juniors entered the ring, Mr& Spring, the announcer, stated over the public-address system that this was the 28th year that Westminster has held the Finals of the Junior Competition.
boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea.
boats are operated in every state in the Union, with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West.
by recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world, all will be helping to create future dog owners.
comes the suspicious question.
each year these shows have increased in entries.
for some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class.
from the records we keep- Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada.
if the superintendents do not receive more cooperation from Handlers, it has been suggested that licensed Judges also be qualified to judge this Class.
in addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year, she also scored with an Afghan.
in the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin!
is it that they do n't care?
last year Robert Harris, a leading Junior Handler entered the Dog Judging Contest ( Junior ) at the International KC of Chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any Junior since the Class' inception.
last year Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster.
many a motel owner- when we 've stopped there again- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children.
many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class.
most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well.
my husband enters the motel office, signs up for a room, and them solemnly asks the proprieter if he accepts pets.
next year 1962, at Westminster, the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a JUNIOR MUST WIN 3 OR MORE JUNIOR CLASSES IN THE OPEN DIVISION ONLY TO QUALIFY FOR WESTMINSTER.
not only were the contestants pleased with the Class, but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day.
once settled, we 're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot, keep them under control in the room, and feed and bench them where they can n't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture.
she then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship.
she was awarded the Professional Handlers' Ass 'ns' LEONARD BRUMBY, SR& Memorial Trophy ( named for the FOUNDER-ORIGINATOR of the Junior Classes.
so many times I have wondered why veterinarians do not wipe the table clean before each new canine patient is placed on it for examination.
some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog.
such a Class was tried out successfully at the Westchester KC Show recently.
the American Pointer Club is still continuing to donate a trophies to Juniors who win at Junior Showmanship Classes with Pointers.
the Intermediates in the Class with the Judge were asked to pick 4 winners and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the Judge.
the Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster.
the Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster.
the founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby, Sr& ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division.
the spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident, expectedly, in the areas where boats have always been found: the natural lakes, rivers, and along the nation's coastline.
there are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade.
this Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance.
this is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class.
this thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour, 45 minutes to judge the Class.
to overcome this unfair judging, the A&K&C& requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class.
today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport.
traveling through the South- over 16,000 miles- with two Great Danes, an Afghan, and a Persian kitten, we 've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at motels.
we 've never been refused!
we suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this Intermediate Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world.
" home" signals have two blades.
#FRAME# The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig& 7, most of the bars being 1 ' brass in 1 ' and 1 ' widths.
THE design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle, but once understood, the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement.
a new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City, New Jersey, to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe.
a primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers.
a recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States, the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats.
a signal cannot be cleared until all the related turnouts are properly thrown < and > locked.
a turnout may have two levers, one to actually move the switch points, the other to lock the points.
as America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts, motels, and drive-in establishments where you can dine, see a movie, shop, or make a bank deposit, the ever-increasing number of boating enthusiasts have sparked industries designed especially to accommodate them.
as an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the" distant" signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant.
boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel.
boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas.
by studying the track-signal diagrams you 'll note several other details.
by this scheme, pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal.
close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars.
currently, marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and findsome or all of the following available: gasoline, fresh water, electricity, telephone service, ice, repair facilities, restaurants, sleeping accommodations, a general store, and a grocery store.
derails- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a" stop" signal- are used in many instances.
each diagram is accompanied by a" dog chart", a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled.
each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling.
figs& 1-6 show typical arrangements of track and signals.
foreseeing the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the sport, the industry has been supporting an intense, coordinated educational program with great success since 1947.
generally, these locks on turnouts are called" facing point locks".
hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program.
here 's how it can be built.
here 's how the scheme works: suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal.
if the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch, the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time.
if the points are n't thrown all the way, the turnout cannot be locked, and in turn, the signal cannot be cleared.
in 1959, the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment.
in addition to these activities, the NAEBM, with headquarters at 420 lexington Avenue, New York City, as well as other associations and individual manufacturers, provide and distribute films, booklets, and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat.
in other instances where there is no automatic block signaling, the distant has only green and yellow aspects.
in some low-speed situations, the distant signal is fixed at caution.
in the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves.
in the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides, and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called" dogs".
industry interest in safety goes even farther.
instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas.
interlocking signals are normally at stop or" red" position, and a lever must be pulled to" clear" the signal.
it indicates the same thing but it is meant to pertain more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as outboards.
it is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U&S& Coast Guard Auxiliary.
our instructions assume you are building this particular frame, which is for a junction.
regardless of nomenclature, yachtels and boatels are marinas.
so much for the prototype.
start with the right-hand piece" B", **f, soldering it to the lower piece" A" of the same material but 12' ' long.
such locks are nearly always used where the switch points" face" oncoming traffic.
the blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect- the blade does not move.
the dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other tappets.
the industry has been its own watch dog.
the interlocking frame we built at the MODEL RAILROADER workshop and then installed on Paul Larson's railroad follows the Fig& 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig& 7, page 65, and in the photos.
the lines connecting the wedge-shaped dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars.
the lock insures that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel flange will snag on a partly thrown point.
the main set of bars are the" tappets" and one tappet is connected to each lever.
the number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented.
the word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort.
there are other basic rules.
these are not governmentally subsidized organizations.
these can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets.
these slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are moved, locking and unlocking them.
this also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side, thus moving one or more locking bars.
this is not necessarily to green, however, for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the" plant".
this year, over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction.
two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar.
when cutting the pieces, dress the ends smooth, and square with a smooth file or sanding disk.
with U&S& Coast Guard cooperation, the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety.
yachtel, a relatively new word, indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a yachtsman may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services.
you may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish.
a Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one.
a guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems;
a mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem.
addition is indicated by the + symbol.
all matching surfaces should be checked frequently and mated on a cut and fit basis.
assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces.
bar" C" is 2-3 ' long.
but because science is based on mathematics does n't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician.
center-punch and drill the No& 31 hole 7 ' from one end of the bar.
charts for this purpose are available from many sources.
chuck a 2' ' or 3' ' piece of 1 ' dia& drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool.
chuck a length of 1 ' dia& drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1 ' long.
completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication, subtraction, or addition steps: **f This would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12.
cut the piece about 9 ' or 5 ' long and drive it into the No& 31 hole drilled in the locking bar.
draw-file the edges, square up the ends and put a slight chamfer on the edges so they will not snag in the frame.
endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible.
equations for rodding formulas are not complicated.
fashion a sharp scribing point about 3 ' long on one end, using Swiss pattern files.
fig& 8 gives the dimensions for locating the dog-pin holes.
file the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1 ' above the bar.
file to a smooth finish.
for example, for the problem **f, 10 from 25 equals 15, then 6 from 15 equals 9.
for example: **f Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order.
for example: **f Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order.
for example: **f When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct.
for use in formulas, fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents.
hot rodding is a science.
however, he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding.
however, it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order.
it 's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is, nevertheless, a science.
it is used to separate two or more numbers in a row.
it places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed.
it separates two or more numbers.
math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are, therefore, essential to any scientific endeavor.
multiplication, subtraction, and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right.
place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3.
scientists say that the world and everything in it are based on mathematics.
scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool.
scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3, parallel to piece" A".
see the drawings for the shape of the notch.
such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts.
the easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart.
the equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem.
the first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula.
the lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig& 7.
the lower number is always divided into the upper number: **f The symbol for multiplication is" @".
the notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it.
the number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol.
the result will be the same regardless of the order used.
the symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other.
the symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign.
the symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
the various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places.
they are included in all types of mathematical handbooks and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments.
they indicate simple division, multiplication, subtraction, and addition.
they involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes.
this changes the formula to an" equation".
this dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3.
this is nothing more than a dash.
this part of the equation would then become 4.
this tool can also be made with a lathe.
we used the latter equipped with a carborundum disk about .020' ' thick and 1' ' dia& fitted on a 1 ' dia& mandrel.
when solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps, do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value.
without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go ' round would not have any means of analyzing, standardizing, and communicating the things they discover and learn.
Bonnie Wick ( Gene Abbe-Scotch Mary ) has gone in 2:36 h;
Buxton Hanover ( Tar Heel-Beryl Hanover ) 2:35;
Faber's Kathy ( Faber Hanover-Ceyway ) 2:37 h;
Hickory Ash ( Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover ) in 2:35.
Hickory Hill ( Star's Pride-Venus Hanover ) has gone in 2:33 h;
Hickory Spark ( Harlan-Hickory Tiny ) 2:37 h;
Hoopla ( Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover ), a filly that wanted to trot, knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples.
I have never seen Caper off his feet- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so.
Justine Hanover ( Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover ) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 h weeks ago.
Kimberly Gal ( Galophone-Kimberly Hanover ) 2:26.2;
Laguerre Hanover ( Tar Heel- Lotus Hanover ) and Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 h. Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and conformation- good body, plenty of heart girth, stands straight on his legs on excellent feet- and has the smoothest gait.
Marquis Pick ( Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan ) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time.
Monel shows improvement with each work-out and looks the makings of a good brood mare after winning her share of races.
Pete Dailey has four promising 2-year-old pacers.
Staley Hanover ( Knight Dream-Sweetmite Hanover ) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class.
Stardel ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ), 2:34 h, looks quite promising.
Strongheart ( Adios-Direct Gal ), a fair-looking sorrel colt, knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles.
Thor Hanover ( Adios-Trustful Hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual, with solid, rugged conformation, good, flat bone and excellent feet.
Trackdown ( Torrid-Mighty Lady ) has worked a mile in 2:33.3 h. it took this colt several weeks to strike a pace.
being blistered for curbs has delayed his work somewhat.
best time to date is 2:34-:34.
blistered for curbs and laid off three weeks, he is coming along fine and looks like a pacer to me.
but up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson stable.
first Flyer ( Frisco Flyer-Castle Light ) looks like a splendid candidate for the Illinois Stakes.
fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ), Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) have been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago.
fury and Caper worked in 2:35 h and did it with ease.
fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect, with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground.
fury is upstanding and on the rangy side, and Caper is more the compact type.
he appeared in the hopples about November 14, was treated for worms on the 18th, the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace.
he has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse.
he is a fine-looking colt with a good body, good set of legs and nice way of going.
his best mile to date is 2:28-:33.
his best mile to date is 2:32.2 h. Gamecock ( Tar Heel-Terka Hanover ) is another promising colt, and his best time is 2:32.2 h. this is one of the best-tempered Tar Heels ever at the center.
his best time is 2:33.2 h. the colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies, especially the pacers.
his best time is around 2:33.
honor Rodney ( Rodney-Honor Bright ) around 2:40.
hustler ( Knight Dream-Torkin ) is a playful bay rascal of a colt, not the best gaited, but he surely can pace and is right there with them, and sometimes leading them, in the best miles.
majestic Pick comes next, with a mile in 2:30-:33.2.
most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35.
mrs& Freight ( Knight Dream-Miss Reed ) shows promise and does it in good form, and her best time is about 2:35.
on December 5 he paced a mile in 2:55 on the twice-around, out in third position all the way.
on Jan& 18 2:37.3-:36.1 h;
on Jan& 21, 2:36.
on January 11 she paced a mile in 2:43.1-:38 h;
she is a beautiful filly and likes to trot.
she is more like her full brother, Taraday Hanover, but larger.
she was then trained on the trot until December 29, hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again.
step Aside ( Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow ) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise.
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff.
the first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself," that must be Hickory Ash".
the first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare;
the fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman.
the last-named is a fine-looking, large colt, who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries.
then, after emasculation, he was eased up for a couple of weeks.
they are two good colts of different type.
this colt arrived at the Raceway early last November, and immediately was put into harness and line-driven for a few days, and then put to cart and broken in very nicely, knowing nothing but trot.
this colt has done everything asked of him, and done it with ease.
this colt is another fine-looking equine.
this colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them.
this filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters, Valentine Day and Cerise- more scale and much better underpinning.
this time she submitted and in a few days was going good.
torrid Adios ( Torrid-Adios Molly ) is not so masculine as most of the colts, but I like his type and he certainly is one of the best-gaited pacers on the grounds.
torrid Freight ( Torrid-Breeze On Hal ) is a very rugged, strong-made colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him.
up to date she is a grand-looking filly.
#HUNTING RIFLES, ' 61# The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year does n't mean that 1961 did n't see changes in models, actions and calibers.
Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions, regardless of caliber.
I tested it in my scoped S+W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily.
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings.
Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was upsetting the shape of the unjacketed revolver bullet.
Ruger reports that on his recent African safari the little .44 Magnum cartridge was a real work horse.
after figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact, we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery.
among .22 Magnum Rim-Fire rifles, 1961's lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader ( around $60 ).
as a Christmas service, I 've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models.
aside from the Ruger carbine, a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time.
at least five years ago, Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over double rifle for me in this caliber, using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size.
at present it 's available in one model, the fine and familiar Smith + Wesson Magnum revolver ( about $110 ), long a top-quality handgun among target arms.
barrel weights vary sensibly with the various calibers available, and these include the standard bores ( about $165 ) plus the Magnums ( around $170 );
bill Ruger's long-awaited Deerstalker ( under $110 ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans;
but even without jacketed bullets, I had enough faith in my double to take it on an opening-day deer hunt that first year.
first on my own list would be two arms- a rifle and a handgun- that qualify as new in the strictest sense.
for me, a changed barrel length or an improved stock does n't constitute a truly new design.
he 's a real hunter and shooter, eager to improve his sport.
he 's more than a reader of outdoor articles;
he moved only about 30 feet after the 240-grain slug hit him- and this was after the bullet had passed through a sapling.
here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models.
here they are, with my comments and judgments.
high standard has introduced a .22 auto, the Sport-King, in two grades- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45, respectively ).
if ever a rifle met the needs of the whitetail hunter, this is it.
it 's a short, light, quick-handling, fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game- whitetail.
it 's a streamlined rifle, fast and well-made.
it 's extremely accurate for an auto, and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning.
it 's much too explosive for small edible game.
it can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers.
my double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ), and although it compares well in other respects, it 's considerably heavier than the Deerstalker, which only scales about 6-1 pounds.
newcomers to the American hunter are the Browning group of bolt-action, high-power rifles.
previously known as Jefferson Arms, Kodiak has given this 11-shot hammerless job an exceptionally fine stock design, and the 260 is the first autoloader to handle .22 Magnum rim-fires.
previously, FN actions were used for the larger cartridges.
read on, take your pick- and start dropping those hints.
shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the Magnums except the .264.
small antelope were generally grassed with one shot, and the .44 Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck, kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency;
stock designs are excellent for use with scopes.
such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts.
the .222's have the short action;
the .243 and .308, the medium action, and the .270, **f and the Magnums, the long action ( about $135 for the Standard Coltsman and $200 for the Custom version ).
the 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps, which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges.
the 989 ( about $40 ) is an even newer .22 auto, this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip.
the Deerstalker points with the ease, speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun, and its trigger pull is light and sharp.
the Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight, streamlined .22 rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles.
the accuracy of the Jet cartridge is fine;
the average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he 's always on the lookout for new and better arms.
the deadliness of the .44 Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me.
the latter include the .264, .300 H+H, .338, .375 and .458.
the most intriguing aspect of the S+W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard .22 rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers.
the new, jacketed slug in .44 Magnum corrected this.
the second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load- the .22 Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire.
the time to decide on them is now.
the velocity of this .22-caliber, 40-grain bullet is rated at a very hot 2,460 fps, and it 's the flattest shooting of any revolver cartridge, with a mid-range rise of about an inch over a 100-yard range.
these are fairly large, tough animals.
they have fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood.
this is a varmint load, pure and simple;
three more deer have fallen to this same gun, and all were one-shot kills.
we quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments: three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then, unaccountably, one could stray far out of the group.
well, if you 're that kind of sportsman we 're here to help you.
with five shots at the immediate command of the hunter's trigger finger, the gun and load are a deadly combination.
within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket, and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards.
you 've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack, but it 's not easy to decide on a new one.
you may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm, although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs& rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting.
you still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you 'd appreciate most;
## The omelet named for Ernest Arbogast, the Palace's chef, was even more in demand.
( gastronomes have long argued about which came first, the Palace's or Antoine's.
) Vernon, however, held out for plain oyster roast, and plenty of it, unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt, though he did fancy a bit of lemon.
Antoine 's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or Pernod on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding.
Louis Sherry once stayed a fortnight at the Palace, and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York.
Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage.
Vernon was consummately fond of oysters, and Manning 's had been famous for them since the Civil War.
Vernon wore a gray tall hat, a gardenia, and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly.
Vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard, indulging in a huge cigar.
Vernon's office adjoined the stable, and the walls were adorned with brightly colored lithographs, the folk art of the period.
a jigger of dry Sherry follows, and as the mixture stiffens, in go a hundred of the little oysters.
a number of them must have fallen into disfavor;
a replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East, and matchless west of the Rockies, it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run.
after the meal, he and his guests went out to inspect the rig;
an agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho, from which there issued clouds of smoke.
as things happened, Morgan was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend, whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent.
but for the start of the Santa Cruz run, the whip fell.
departing, they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the jaw, for they had been trained to drag at important funerals.
for decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies' Grill at breakfast, and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive.
he had style: he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout, and when the horses leaned at a curve, as if bent by the force of a gale, he leaned with them.
he had the primacy among the coachmen.
he was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat.
heat and serve hot on toast.
here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen: #CLUB KEDGEREE# Flake ( for three ) a cupful of cold boiled haddock, mix with a cupful of cooked rice, two minced hard-boiled eggs, some buttery white sauce done with cream, cayenne, pepper, salt, a pinch of curry, a tablespoonful of minced onion fried, and a bit of anchovy.
in the 1890's the Palace Hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager, John C& Kirkpatrick.
in the grand court of the Palace, notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below, Vernon's station was at the entrance.
inns have burned down, moved elsewhere, or taken other names.
it was a post of honor, held inviolate for him;
it was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters.
its early morning patrons were coachmen, who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy.
j& Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco, to attend an Episcopal convention, and brought the restaurateur with him.
many of its sojourners were devoted to seclusion and quiet, and lived there to the end of their days.
native California oysters, salty and piquant, as coppery as Delawares and not much larger than a five-cent piece, went into it.
of majestic build, rubicund and slash-mouthed, he resembled the late General Winfield Scott, who was said to be the most imposing general of his century, if not of all centuries.
once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ), the schedule meant nothing.
one could shave in the reflection of its French-polished panels, and its axles were greased like those of roulette wheels.
one fork of the road was as good as another.
oyster salt roast- oysters on the half shell, cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served- was a standby at Manning's.
promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho.
sherry remained in his hotel suite, where he amused himself as best he could.
the Kirkpatrick version holds liqueur as optional.
the Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties, and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain, even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left.
the clients boarded the tallyho at the Palace promptly at seven.
the horses moved at a clump;
the horses seemed to know these by instinct, he used to say: such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins.
the horses were groomed to a high gloss;
the hostler would have the table ready and a pot of coffee hissing on the stove;
the original formula goes thus: #OMELET ARBOGAST# Fry in butter a small minced onion, rub with a tablespoonful of flour, add half a cup of cream, six beaten eggs, pepper, celery salt, a teaspoonful of minced chives, a dash of cayenne, and a pinch of nutmeg.
the road maps of the region have changed since 1905;
the tallyho had cost Vernon $2,300.
the water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery.
then a porter from Manning's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head.
there are many ways of making a kedgeree, every one of which is right.
there was Wright 's, for one, lost amongst trees, its wide verandas strewn with rockers.
they advertised harness polish, liniments, Ball's Rubber Boots, Green River Whiskey, Hood's Sarsaparilla, patent medicines, shoe blacking, and chewing tobacco.
they cantered down the peninsula, not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin.
they had been fed a hunting breakfast, so called because a kedgeree, the dish identified with fox hunting, was on the bill.
they were no more on parade than was their driver;
they were struck out with remarks in red ink, denouncing both the cooks and the management.
this dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine 's in New Orleans, though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters.
this was an honor, like dining with a captain at his private table.
this was merely a ritual, to please all hands concerned.
twice he left everything to his entourage, and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance.
you arrive there in seersucker, and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh.
" song of Hiawatha", in Elgin, Illinois, from June 20 to 24th.
#PICTURES OF THE MIDWEST# Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive?
#PICTURING THE SOUTH# Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order.
#THE MIDWEST# A PLEASANT start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in cosmopolitan Chicago.
#THE WEST# A WESTERN VACATION is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area.
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States.
Gatlinburg, Tennessee, is the center of this area.
Itasca State Park, where the Mississippi River begins, is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota.
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches.
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous" hotel row", palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and Parrot Jungle.
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland, Michigan, May 12-14;
Minnesota, fabled land of waters, is in itself, ideal vacationland, having within its borders 10,000 lakes!
Petersburg, Virginia, and Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Richmond, Virginia;
Wisconsin Dells, where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage, rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago.
a tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward.
a visit to Chicago's museums and a stroll around broad Michigan Avenue will unfold many photogenic subjects to the alert photographer.
again, be sure your tripod is handy for those sometimes-necessary time exposures.
along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks, gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn.
and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit, June 29-July 4.
another Virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the Luray Caverns, lit by photofloodlights.
another memo for sightseers: bring your camera along to museums.
another scenic spot in Tennessee is Chattanooga where the Rock City Gardens are not to be missed.
another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood.
at Charlottesville, Va&, shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings of the University.
at Cypress Gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at water-ski shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings.
beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston, S&C&, Natchez, Miss&, and Savannah, Ga&.
best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade.
enough daylight is usually available from the windows, but if you have synchronized flash- use it.
exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches.
for a resort area, Mackinack Island, Michigan, is the place to visit.
for early vacationers there 's the fun-filled Fishing Derby in Hot Springs, Arkansas, April 19-23, and the Arkansas Band Festival in Hot Springs, April 20-22.
for example, the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg, Tennessee, sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions.
for restoration of early American life the places to visit are Williamsburg, Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia.
for shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod.
for some unusual photographic subjects, if your vacation takes you nearby, try these events: the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte, N& C&, on May 27;
in Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal, see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief.
in North Dakota the strangely beautiful Badlands will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film.
in San Antonio visit the famous Alamo and photograph 18th Century Spanish buildings and churches.
in any instance, you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area.
in contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells.
it truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record.
just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a" fill-in" light from the sky.
mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City, Nebraska, where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting.
of course, while in this vicinity you will n't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington, Lincoln, Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt.
of current interest is Abilene, Kansas, the birthplace of ex-President Eisenhower.
one of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans.
peak action photography is your goal at Miami's Seaquarium and the Cypress Gardens waterskiing events.
photos of historic dioramas of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story.
silver Springs features glass-bottom boat rides and in Everglades National Park there are opportunities to photograph rare wildlife.
similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be seen- his tomb and other landmarks.
singing on the Mountain in Linville, North Carolina, on June 25.
special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area, include the following: a re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington, May 18th at Lexington, Missouri;
the Black Hills Passion Play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting.
the Florida Folk Festival, White Springs, May 5-7;
the Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit.
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17;
the famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate wrought iron balconies and the narrow streets of the Latin Quarter present an Old World scene.
the farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago.
the great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums.
the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis, Indiana, plus a festival from May 27-30;
there 's a museum here and also Old Abilene Town, a reconstruction of the cattle boomtown of the 70's and 80's.
try some closeups on Southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many long-view scenics you 'll be making.
while here, visit Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery.
( this goes for getting a drink tray ready, and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins.
) < do n't > think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world.
< DO > start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals.
< do > avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them.
< do > build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit.
< do > buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it.
< do > keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat drips down and flares up, flames cannot reach the meat.
< do > line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat.
< do > use paper napkins;
< do > whatever kitchen work, such as fixing a salad, preparing garlic bread, or making a marinade sauce, ahead of time.
< do > without fancy tablecloths.
< do n't > fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops.
< do n't > forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces.
< do n't > forget to have a supply of Melamine plates, bowls, cups, saucers, and platters for outdoor use.
< do n't > forget- when you take to the hills or the beach- that your cooler, which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard, is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments.
< do n't > plan meals that are too complicated.
< do n't > practice a new recipe on guests.
< do n't > think barbecue cooking is just sometimes, or seasonal.
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately.
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury, which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds, jewelled swords, rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds, on which the sultans sat cross-legged.
Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results.
also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals.
and lots of hot pads!
at one time about 10,000 people lived there.
clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent, rinse thoroughly.
except when you prepare" do it yourself" shish kebob or a lobster roast.
following arrowed signs, I veered right toward the former kitchens, complete with chimneys, which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services.
for roasts, insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone.
fruit does nicely.
going through a door into another small court, I had the Throne Room directly in front.
going through the Imperial Gate in the wall, I entered the grounds of Topkapi Palace, home of the Sultans and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire, and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance, past the Church of St& Irene, completed by Constantine in 330 A&D& on my left, and then, just outside the second gate, I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right- the Executioner's Spring, where he washed his hands and his sword after beheading his victims.
have a test-run on the family first, to be sure timing and seasoning are right.
heavy foil on hand at all times.
if doubtful about a steak, boldly cut it in half.
if necessary to replace both halves on grill, sear cuts and allot extra time.
in the court once more, I went right toward the Reception House, a long one-story building with a deep portico.
it 's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table.
it 's year-round, and everywhere.
just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda, with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet.
keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot, and to stop flames that arise from melting grease.
keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking, and keep it in the coldest ( but non-freezing ) compartment of the refrigerator.
keep the desserts simple;
limit yourself to good meat and drink, with bread, salad, corn or potatoes as accessories.
long forks for turning potatoes and corn;
lots of them.
made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic, Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors.
make use of the back of the barbecue or of the hood for heating vegetables, sauces and such.
next to it is a copper section, with cooking utensils and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate, floor-length robe.
oilcloth only costs about 79 c a yard for the very best.
or buy half a dozen lengths of oilcloth and change patterns for different kinds of barbecues.
outside I walked past the entrance to St& Sophia, turned left at the end of it, and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead.
passing through the gate, with towers on either side once used as prisons, I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings, and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds, with explanations in English for each building.
taking the path behind the Throne Room to the building directly beyond it, the Portrait Gallery, I went right at the end of it, through a garden to a small building at the back- a sitting room furnished with low blue divans, its floor covered with carpets, its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs.
the simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef.
then you 'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up.
there are a good many of them.
there are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes.
there is even one set that has" barbecue" written on it.
there is still water in it.
they are made of gold and covered with emeralds, pearls and other jewels.
tougher than plastic, it wears well.
when you start the outdoor performance, you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen.
with them, you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures, and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders, to the marina or picnic, in A-1 condition.
you need tongs to handle meat;
#EQUIPMENT:# Basic pottery studio equipment.
#GENERAL DIRECTIONS:# Use well-wedged clay, free of air bubbles and pliable enough to bend without cracking.
#MATERIALS:# Ceramic modeling clay: red, white or buff.
#RECTANGULAR TILES# ( opposite page, right top ): stoneware clay was used.
_2._ Coney Island sauce: finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well;
_3._ Savory sauerkraut: add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut.
_BARBECUED FRANKFURTERS_ { 1 cup minced celery 1 cup minced onion 1 cup tomato ketchup 1 cup water 1 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters } Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet.
_FRANKFURTER TWISTS_ Blend 2 cups biscuit mix with 2 cup milk to make a soft dough.
_HAMBURGER PATTIES WITH NUTS_ { 1 pound ground beef 2 teaspoons grated onion Dash of pepper 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup chopped walnuts 1 cup ice cold bourbon } Combine ingredients;
_NOTE:_ Directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery.
_PRESSING DESIGNS:_ The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed.
_PRETEND HAM_ Make criss-cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters.
add a few caraway seeds, too, if you 'd like.
add prepared mustard to suit taste.
allow project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique, do not leave clay in too long as the dampness may cause mold to crack ).
back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface.
be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles.
brush frankfurter twists with about 1 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown.
check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay.
clay was rolled to 1 ' thickness.
clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly;
cover;
cut dough carefully into 12 strips, about 3 inch by a foot long.
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ).
form into patties and barbecue 5 minutes on each side.
gently lift the edge on far side, then continue to release edge completely around mold.
glazes, one-stroke ceramic colors, stains, cones as indicated in the individual instructions.
here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings: _1._ Chili con carne: use canned chili con carne.
if clay is slightly out of shape, square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides, or smooth round pieces with damp fingers.
if desired, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple.
if the background of design is too smooth, or you wish to create a wood-grained effect, it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush.
instructions for preparing clay, drying, glazing and firing are not given.
knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a **f-inch rectangle.
leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly, covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping.
make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface.
make slight, smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing ).
makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings.
place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat, clay and mold in one action.
place in sauce.
place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects;
place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly.
place project on table and carefully lift the mold off.
place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold.
prick frankfurters with fork;
roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutes.
roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions.
serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish.
serves 12.
simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sauce is of desired consistency.
simmer 15 minutes.
slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay, but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold.
spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce, 1 teaspoon horse-radish and 2 teaspoons mustard.
stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank, ham fashion.
stoneware clay for tiles.
study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections.
they must be free of oil, wax and dust.
this will prevent the clay from twisting or bending, causing warping when fired.
to obtain clear impression of mold, press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity, starting at center and working to outer edges.
to release clay from mold, place hands in a cupped position around project;
trim excess clay away from outer edges.
twist one strip diagonally around each skinless frankfurter, pinching dough at ends to seal it.
when mold has more than one design cavity, make individual paper patterns.
whenever possible, use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay.
wooden butter molds and cookie presses.
#BACKSTITCHING SEAM# _TO SEW SEAMS WITH BACKSTITCH:_ Most seams are sewn with backstitch, especially on curved, slanted or loose edges.
#CHANGING COLORS# _TO CHANGE FROM ONE COLOR YARN TO ANOTHER:_ When changing from one color to another, whether working on right or wrong side, pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand.
#MEASURING ARMHOLE# _TO MEASURE ARMHOLE:_ Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it.
_NAPKIN HOLDER:_ Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about **f ( long enough for three impressions of mold ).
_SUGAR AND CREAMER:_ Cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design.
_TO INSERT MARKERS:_ When directions read" sl a marker on needle", put a small safety pin, paper clip, or commercial ring marker on needle.
_TO MEASURE WORK:_ Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center.
_TO SEW IN SLEEVES:_ Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam.
_VASES:_ Make same as salt and pepper shakers, leaving off top pieces.
a cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping.
add holes in top, forming" S" for salt and" P" for pepper.
add top last.
backstitch pieces together close to edge.
bend handle;
bevel overlapping ends for splice joint, score beveled edges.
bisque fire to cone 08.
clean greenware.
cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired.
cut hole in base for cork stopper.
do not draw yarn too tight.
do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage.
fired to cone 06-05.
form clay strip into a cylinder;
handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1 ' wide and 3-1 ' long.
in working, always slip marker from one needle to another.
inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze.
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil.
join the four sides together first, then add the base;
let all projects dry slowly for several days.
make creamer the same.
make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids, omitting design disk.
measure straight up from marked row.
outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish.
photograph shows the wrong side of work with light strand being picked up under dark strand in position to be purled.
pin right sides of pieces together, keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns.
place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder.
place pattern inside holder;
place work on a flat surface and smooth out.
press clay into cavity of one mold three times;
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing;
press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times.
put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state.
recess base slightly to allow room for stopper.
reinforce seam with a coil of clay.
run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure;
score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip.
score outside of container where handle ends will be joined.
score side edges of base;
see illustration.
see illustration.
set aside to dry thoroughly.
set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl.
this will form the sugar bowl.
thread matching yarn in tapestry needle.
to add handle, place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer.
to form spout, between two designs, dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward.
to mark a row or stitch, tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked.
trim away excess clay;
turn shaker upside down.
use slip to join scored ends.
use slip to join.
use three strips of clay to hold in place ( see Fig& 2, page 71 ).
use water on finger to smooth seams and edges.
vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick.
Fiberglas materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co&, 1605 W& Elizabeth ave&, Linden, N& J&.
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips.
I laid three layers of glass cloth on the inside of the stem, also installing a bow eye at this time.
I set it on the Gator trailer.
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job.
I used bright red, mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the hardener.
a 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches.
after planking, the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas.
after the decking is on, the cabin sides are installed.
after trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height, the top of the side planking is installed.
again, these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed.
all the flooring and the storage bin is half-inch exterior fir plywood.
another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening.
be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden.
before the resin has hardened, screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline.
bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place.
fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig.
for added strength, I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint.
four pieces are used.
glue and 1-1, No& 10 screws are used.
if you do n't own a planer and do n't want to buy one, it 's well worth renting.
it 's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a bit-like blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a saber saw.
it may then be pre-drilled for the fastenings.
lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring.
note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces.
placement is important because the rear seat, bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side battens.
plank the sides first, using glue and one-inch, No& 12 Stronghold nails at all battens, the stem and the transom.
since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails, they are also rough-sanded in that area.
the 42-inch width leaves very little waste.
the aluminum, flush against the battens, acted as a fairing stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper bevels easily.
the best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off.
the bottom planking is applied in the same manner.
the chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending.
the cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time.
the decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood.
the exception is where the flooring butts.
the next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points.
the sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the transom, forming a real strong transom brace.
the spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws.
then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom, frames, keelson and all the battens.
then it is replaced and fastened.
then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem.
then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin.
then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation.
then trim the excess.
these battens are glued and screwed to the frames.
these flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry.
they will also supply literature on application.
they' re followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated.
this can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long.
this is made up of scraps left over from the sides and bottom.
this protects the bottom in beaching.
use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint.
using a cheap brush, coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth.
when cut, the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful trimming.
when the cloth is smooth, apply another coat of resin, spreading it with a paint roller.
when the resin has hardened, mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish.
when the whole bottom has hardened, use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail.
when they' re on, the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten.
with all deck battens in place, the bilge is cleaned and painted up to the floor line.
with the exception of two battens, all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling.
{ the hull } is now turned over ( with the help of about seven friends ) and placed in a level, well-braced position.
{ the planking } is five-ply, 3 Weldwood Royal Marine plywood.
" we, the Subscribers, do agree, that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this, or a similar Writing, We will present a petition to the Hon 'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge, and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge, and on like Terms, and if such an Act shall be obtained, then we severally agree each with the others, that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names, the whole into two hundred shares being divided, and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners, as by the said proposed Corporation, shall be directed and required".
#COMMON DRILLING TOOLS# There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes.
#DON 'T LOSE THE CHUCK KEY# Some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a socket for the chuck key;
#FEEDS AND SPEEDS# Drill speeds are important if you want a good job.
#SET-UP AND MAINTENANCE# The drill press should be leveled and, depending on whether it is a bench or floor model, bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws.
#SIMPLE HOLE DRILLING OPERATIONS# When drilling all the way through a workpiece, always place a piece of scrap wood underneath.
I have already mentioned that Mr& Timothy Palmer of Newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country.
Timothy Palmer, who invented and later patented the arch type of construction for wooden bridges, was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the Essex, or" Deer Island" bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of William Coombs, who received @ 300 as recompense.
a coat of paste wax or a rubdown with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table;
a month later the General Court served notice to the town of Newbury that the bridge was to be built.
a new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle.
a press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle.
all will do a good job if sharp, but the twist drills do n't cut quite as smoothly as the others, since they do not have the outlining spurs that sever the fibers before actual boring starts.
another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through, then drill half way with the dimensional bit, turn the piece over, and finish from the other side.
as Mr& Palmer was educated to house-building only, and had never seen a structure of this nature;
be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and grease.
belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount.
each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed, depending on the material worked.
excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings.
feed pressure is also of major importance.
fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool, so if you want to avoid nicked fingers, keep your hands well out of the way.
for their length, their types of construction, their picturesque settings, and their literary associations, they should be known and remembered.
generally, the larger the tool and the harder the material, the slower the speed.
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention".
he says of it:" it consists of two divisions, separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore.
in appearance and construction it resembles the Pascataqua bridge.
in soft woods with pronounced grain, there is sometimes a tendency for the hole to wander, due to the varying hardness of the wood.
in this case, drilling a small pilot hole or clamping the work will do much to improve accuracy.
in this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection.
it is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that Timothy Palmer was born in 1751 in nearby Rowley;
its building was first proposed in 1791, when a group of citizens, mostly Newburyport men, petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation.
keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys will n't slip when pulled by hand;
most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position.
on November 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened.
on most drill presses, it is impossible to get the exact speed, but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys.
otherwise, you 'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use.
presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill.
see the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds.
since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced, they should be used at the slowest speed available, and fed very slowly to avoid binding.
the adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade.
the best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate.
the depth gauge rod can now be set, and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth.
the division between the island and this shore, consists principally of an arch;
the first bridge known to have been covered wholly or in part,- and perhaps the most interesting one, connected Newbury ( now Newburyport ) with Salisbury Point.
the head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work.
the matter was considered and reconsidered, and finally opposed, but in spite of many objections, the Court granted a charter on January 9, 1792.
the most common are the twist drill, the solid center shaft with interchangeable cutting blades, the double spur bit, and the power wood bit.
the old-time bridges over the Merrimac River in Massachusetts are of unusual interest in many respects.
the rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush.
the return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ), loosening the lock nut or screw, and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved.
the size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity ( the maximum diameter tool shank it will hold ) or distance between the spindle center and the column.
the whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four.
this document began: _"NO& 1 NEWBURY PORT, MAY 30TH, 1791_" Whereas, a Bridge over Merrimack River, from the Land of Hon 'ble Jonathan Greenleaf, Esquire, in Newbery, to Deer Island, and from said Island to Salisbury, would be of very extensive utility, by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages, Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year, and at all Times of Tide.
this paper was signed by forty-five persons, subscribing a total of two hundred shares.
this two-part bridge is best described by Rev& Timothy Dwight, president of Yale College, in his" Travels in New-England and New-York", published in New Haven in 1821.
this will not only protect the work table, but also assure a clean breakthrough.
this will reduce vibration and increase accuracy.
too light a feed, particularly with metal or other hard material, causes overheating of the tool and burning of the cutting edge.
too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools.
turning the housing clockwise will reduce tension, counter-clockwise will increase it.
when a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth, mark the depth on the side of the stock, then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark.
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet, and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark.
wiping with a slightly oiled cloth will discourage rusting of the column and quill.
you will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction booklet that came with the tool.
#OUR BOOK OF ETIQUETTE# After the first few weeks, it was obvious that rules had to be made, laid down and obeyed- even if our popularity ratings became subnormal as a result.
#PRESERVING LIFE AND LIMB# Safety rules, of course, are more important than all the others put together.
( sanity, solvency and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we inadvertently became the neighborhood free-drink stop.
( to avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house, it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool and the parking area.
( we do, however, recommend those patented covers to prevent both people and junk- flora and fauna generally- from accidentally wintering in the pool.
) probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts.
) we designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours.
) we do, however, provide a limited number of extra suits, mainly for children, and we stock extra towels and a few inexpensive bathing conveniences.
a gaggle of gabbling mothers, backs to the pool, is no safeguard.
all bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups.
all dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes.
and a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods, but good hard pavement.
and accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities.
and divers must be enjoined to look before they leap, either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge.
another dilemma: as picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be, trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool.
as in choosing a wife, it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good.
but fenced or unfenced, no pool-side is the place for running or horseplay.
but if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day, it is certainly more restful to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house.
but not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies.
coping with them demands stern discipline- of yourself as well as of your family, neighbors, friends and anyone you ever talked to on a transoceanic jet.
diving boards must have non-skid surfaces ( coco matting takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly, but grit-impregnated paints are excellent ).
eight years ago while we were going through the mud-sweat-and-tears construction period, we were each solaced by the vision of early morning dips and evening home-comings to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's delectation.
even a neat, plastic-covered plunge is not exactly a joy to behold.
first and foremost: no one- no, not anyone- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle.
from proud pool-owners to perpetual hosts and handymen was a short step- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks.
had we taken a lien on a state park?
if you are dreaming of a blue, shimmering pool right outside your living room windows, close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children, damp towels, squashed tubes of suntan oil and semi-inflated plastic toys.
in many localities, now, the law requires all pools to be fenced, usually to a minimum height of 5 feet.
in the colder climes, for instance, you will have to live through the many unglamorous winter months when your pool will hardly look its best.
it may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt hay, or an ice floe studded with logs.
just short of forty lashes we finally managed to coerce our children to this view.
life-preservers, the buckle-on kapok-filled kind, are held in readiness, too, for the very young.
nai^ve of us, maybe, but the results of our impulsive invitations to" come over next summer and swim in our new pool" were both unexpected and unsettling.
naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land.
no bottle pool is tolerated- bottle pool being our lingo for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only dunk and run.
no friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least telephoning beforehand.
no ringers, either- even if they are trailing legitimate invitees.
no young children may come without adults except for a specific, organized, chaperoned party.
not at all.
of course, if your pool is close to the house, your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores ( you hope ).
on the other hand, out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool.
our pools also have wide, shallow steps- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords.
our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled.
since our viewpoints in this respect coincided precisely, we present the fruits of our efforts herewith as a single social code for pool owners.
so rules we made, in unabashed collusion.
soignee pools, alas, do not just happen.
the other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill.
the placement of your pool, however, will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool owning- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety.
their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool, but on our terms and at our times.
they are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements.
this has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young" less fortunate" than ours.
unless you want to make your wife a pool widow and to spend a great many of your leisure hours nursing your pool's pristine purity, its care and feeding- from pH content to filtering and vacuuming- is best left to a weekly or bi-monthly professional service.
we allow no underwater endurance contests, either, or inexpert versions of water polo.
we also worked out logistics for Sunday afternoon swimmers who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an alfresco lunch < en famille >.
we gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides.
we had merely been discovered by the pool sharks.
we seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards.
we want to know when the Potlatches telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring, so that we will n't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August.
we were in business!
when you first acquire a pool, we earnestly recommend- for your own mental health- a good long chat with your insurance agent.
yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed.
you are likely to be nearer the truth.
you can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters, the greater the chance for violation of family privacy, annoying noise and the let' s-make-your-house-our-club attitude.
you should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits.
< be sure you get a perimeter heating system >, and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating.
< be sure your ducts and blower are big enough to handle cooling >.
_MONEY-SAVING TIPS._ Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately.
_SEPARATE SYSTEMS._ If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are knotty, it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system.
_THE HEAT PUMP._ One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating.
_WHAT SIZE CONDITIONER?_ How large a cooling unit you need, and the method of its installation, depends on a variety of factors.
a 1- hp conditioner, for example, may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 BTU to well over 10,000 BTU.
a BTU is a unit of heat, and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump < out > of your house in an hour.
a relatively simple switching arrangement reverses the cycle so that the machine literally runs backward, and the heat is extracted from outdoor air and turned indoors.
a shift in the walls, or a change in the roof slope, so the sun hits them more obliquely, can save you money.
a ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice.
a very rough rule of thumb is that, under favorable conditions, you 'll need 15 BTU 's of cooling for every square foot of your house.
a well-designed, 1200-square-foot house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as $128 a year, or $11 a month.
among other things, besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside, it will depend upon your personal habits and the makeup of your family.
an oversize unit will cool off your house quickly, then shut down for a long period.
as you know, a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then releasing this heat outdoors.
be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed.
before it cycles on again, humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low.
better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big.
by accepted definition, a 1-ton conditioner will provide 12,000 BTU of cooling in one hour.
consider it as a standby setup, at negligible cost, for those emergencies when the furnace quits, a blizzard holds up fuel delivery, or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you do n't want to start up your whole heating plant.
coolers are also rated by tons.
cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of BTU 's.
do n't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough.
drawn blinds and draperies do some good, but not nearly as much as shading devices on the outside of the house.
families with children usually do n't want the house quite so cool.
for cooling, chilled water is circulated instead of hot water.
from the coil small copper pipes connect to a weatherproof refrigeration section set in the yard, garage, carport, or basement.
here 's why: reducing humidity is often as important as cooling.
if the house you plan to buy or build will n't have big overhangs, you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises, fences and awnings.
if you are a party thrower, you may need added capacity.
if you have a house which heat does n't penetrate easily, your unit will have less heat to remove.
if you plan to add cooling later to your heating system, there are things to watch for.
in a long, rambling ranch, two such units can be installed, one serving the living area, the other the sleeping zone.
in a new house, generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution.
in a two-story house, one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor, another in the attic to cool the second.
in each case, having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control.
instead of radiators you 'll have cooling-heating units, each with its own thermostat.
it is generally an inaccurate method of rating, for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor, and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you 'll get.
it is, in effect, an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled, cleaned, dehumidified air where it is wanted.
keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you 've won the first battle.
now, the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees.
shade trees, too, are a big help, so keep them if you can.
the body is a heat machine, and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load.
the cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet.
the minimum cost for an average one-story, 7-room house with basement, is likely to run $1500 above the cost of the heating alone.
the more directly the sun strikes walls and roof, the greater its heat impact.
the safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need, rather than trying to do this yourself.
the simplest kind of separate system uses a single, self-contained unit.
the units can be installed in basement, attic, crawlspace, or in a closet located in the living area.
the way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you 're going to need.
these systems are more expensive than year- 'round forced air systems.
they may be inaccessible later.
this costs less than having a completely separate cooling system, for your regular heating ductwork, filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling.
this is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
this is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees.
up until recently, this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild winters and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees.
with a unit of the right size, a compressor will run continuously during hot weather, reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature.
you 'll need more if the high average is above that, less if it 's below.
you can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house.
you can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone.
you can get year- 'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone- high or low boy, horizontal or counterflow.
you can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun, double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation.
you may find a conditioner rated by horsepower.
## EACH AREA has its own historical interests with which much can be done.
## OTHER NATURAL FEATURES which can be of high interest are the forests, canyons, mountains, deserts, seacoast, beaches, sand dunes, waterfalls, springs, etcetera with which the area is blessed.
#ADJOINING AREAS#- The values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands, ownership and use of the land, and the utilities available there.
#EXPOSURE#- How much will wind, rain, sun, and temperature affect the use?
#IMPROVEMENTS#- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings, roads, utilities, cleared land, etcetera which may raise the cost of the site.
#PLANTS#- The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking.
#TOPOGRAPHY#- Topography is very important.
#WATER#- In addition to its recreation interests, water is needed for drinking, sanitation, and irrigation.
Prokofieff's < Classical > Symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and well-trained musician still in his twenties.
Prokofieff's outlook as a composer-pianist-conductor in America was, indeed, brilliant.
a group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site.
a large picnic area or camping development is most efficient in shape as a square or rectangle several hundred feet in width in preference to a long narrow area less than one hundred feet wide.
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer.
a stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area.
acreage in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones.
although the site may not contain the features themselves, there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site.
an area may be too small for the needs of the project.
an area may have been partially logged and requires removal of stumps or clean up.
an area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use.
an old shipwreck, a high dam, an old covered bridge, a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold, etcetera may be of interest.
and with sober purpose, because the development of Prokofieff personifies, in many ways, the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas.
areas should be large enough to include the attractions, have ample space for the use of facilities needed, and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments.
check the elevation of the ground, degree and direction of slopes, drainage, rock outcrops, topsoil types and quality, as well as subsoil.
check the quality of the water.
clams, crabs, and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas.
determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be.
figure the cost of providing water to the use areas.
fishing interest calls for a check of the species found, quantity and size, the season they are available, and the stocking program of the fish commission.
for instance, a site adjoining other publicly owned lands, such as a national forest or a public road, may be desirable, whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not.
how well can the site be developed?
however, a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments, or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman's trail, or include scenic strips within the park unit.
if the site is on a reservoir, the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied.
just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance, counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area.
lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable.
look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use, what can be done to correct the faults, and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites.
look at the trees as to size and interest, the amount of shade they provide, how healthy they are, the problems of maintenance, fire hazards, wind throw, etcetera.
many things need to be checked: #SIZE AND SHAPE#- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor.
nearly level areas are required for parking areas, beaches, camp areas, ballfields, etcetera.
notice should be taken of unusual rock formations, deposits, or shapes of the earth's crust in your region.
other factors, such as water temperature, depth of water, the fish life it supports, wave action, flooding, etcetera, will affect its recreation value.
park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in.
shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development.
some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas, caves, artifacts, etcetera.
some shrubs may be of good landscaping value, other areas of brush may need to be cleared.
sometimes, you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade, morning sun, or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended.
the Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay, witty, mercurial, full of pranks and < bonheur > - and very capable as a professional musician.
the area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines.
the direction, velocity, and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area.
the extent and location of open areas is noted.
the fish, animals, and birds which may be found at the site are another interest.
the historical sign tells its story, but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered.
the quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection.
the quantity of water flow may be critical;
the route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them.
the site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life.
the utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site.
these qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic < haute monde > which supported the concert world of the post-World War 1, era.
this is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions.
those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites.
to the Neo-Classicists, it was a challenge to the pre-war world.
to the Traditionalists, it was a brilliant satire on modernism;
what was it to Prokofieff?
your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of < Sovietskaya Muzyka > is accepted with pleasure, because I admire the music of Prokofieff;
April 10 marked a memorable date in New York's musical history- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States.
Mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting.
Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction.
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people- by the compass of their national ideas.
ROY MASON IS ESSENTIALLY A LANDSCAPE PAINTER whose style and direction has a kinship with the English watercolorists of the early nineteenth century, especially the beautifully patterned art of John Sell Cotman.
Stravinsky, nearing the age of eighty, is like a lost and frantic bird, flitting from one abandoned nest to another, searching for a home.
a circus polka for elephants;
a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( < The Star-Spangled Banner > );
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto;
after more years of concentrated effort, Roy and his brother Max finally established a thriving family business at the old stand.
and like this English master, Mason realizes his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem effortless, are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them.
and perhaps of even greater significance- his music is strong 20th-Century evidence of the effectiveness of Evolution, based on a broad Traditionalism for the creative art of music.
and that over-all, amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark.
as a boy Roy Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors, its tang of weather, its change of seasons, its variable moods.
because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials, and his flair for orchestrations- his brilliant < Petruchka, > his savage < Sacre du Printemps, > his incisive < Les Noces > - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed.
broadcastings;
but Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting.
but even on these, the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off!
but for the technical fact, we have the artist's own testimony:" of late years, I find that I like best to work out-of-doors.
but it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial art, and later, for twelve years, he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia.
but time is running out, and many of Stravinsky's admirers begin to fear that he will never find < terra firma >.
choruses, chamber music ensembles;
color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition;
duplicable- no!
during all this time Roy continued to paint, first only on weekends, and then, as the family business permitted, for longer periods.
except for a rich friendship with the painter, Chauncey Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had- and this was limited to a few lessons, though the two artists often went on painting trips together- Roy developed his art by himself.
finally come those little flicks of a rigger brush and the job is done.
first I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately **f inches ) in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values- the lightest light, the middle tone, and the darkest dark- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns.
gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether, and for the past thirty years, he has worked independently as a painter, except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions.
gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his major, if not exclusive, technique.
he worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor, and his first public recognition and early honors, including his election to the Academy, were for his essays in the heavier medium.
his father, a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter, took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions, and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature.
his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs!
his various aesthetic postulates remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself: Supra-Expressionism, Neo-Paganism, Neo-Classicism, Neo-Romanticism, Neo-Jazz, Neo-Ecclesiasticism, Neo-Popularism, and most recently, Post-Serialism- all competing with each other within one composer!
how differently Prokofieff's life unfolded.
if a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture, I try to place them in the initial sketch.
in all his miscalculations, Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations- representing many peoples, time periods and styles- into his own music by warping the harmony, melody, or form, to verify his own experiments.
in the best tradition, he first taught himself to see, then to draw with accuracy and assurance, and then to paint.
in the process, his native endowments were stretched, strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose.
inspiring- yes;
instructive- maybe;
it has been my privilege to paint with Roy Mason on numerous occasions, mostly in the vicinity of Batavia.
it is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen, but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors.
it must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive: economic security and cultural opportunities, incisive idioms, social fermentations for a new national ideology- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose.
large and eager audiences.
like many others, he had to work hard, long hours in a struggling family business which, though it was allied to art of a kind- the design and production of engraved seals- bore no relation to the painting of pictures.
meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist;
more often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed, not imitative, painting.
of course, it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat, Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him;
on that date the Musicians Emergency Fund, organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash, observed its 30th anniversary.
on the death of their father, they returned to their home in Batavia, New York.
out of this background of hunting and fishing, it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew best: hunters in the field, fishermen in the stream, ducks and geese on the wing- almost always against a vast backdrop of weather landscape.
recordings;
soloists;
symphony orchestras, opera and ballet companies;
television;
that he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments, is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture;
that his moods, even in his early years, are those of his people, does him honor, as his music honors those who inspired it.
thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century.
time and economic security;
what I have observed time and time again is a process of integration, integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form;
what a patchwork of proclamations and renunciations!
when Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures, many salons, many dialectics, many personalities, he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles, determined by many disparate cultures.
with a large and circumspect 20th-Century technique, he wove the materials of national heroes and events, national folklore and children's fairy tales- Slavic dances and love songs- into a solid musical literature which served his people well, and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large.
#PUSH-UPS# Push-ups are essential, but few have the strength for them at first.
#THE CHINNING BAR# For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended.
#THE HORSE KICK# Arm, shoulder, chest, upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse Kick.
( an enterprising teacher or parent < could > start training a healthy child at the age of seven days.
) in most sports, as in most walks of life, the angels are on the side of those who begin young, and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him.
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons.
President Kennedy has asked that we become a physically fit nation.
Russia knows this, and that is why there were over 800,000 competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team.
Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatus.
a great deal.
after this has become easy, use slower and slower rhythms, kicking higher and higher.
and what has dancing to do with all this?
another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life.
as strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward.
ask any group of ballerinas to do ten push-ups or three chin-ups and the results, considering the amount of physical training they have had, will be very disappointing.
but if it is important, what can we do to improve ourselves?
but the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one, endurance.
certainly there would be less anxiety, fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ), and higher scholastic averages, since alert children work better.
dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work, but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility.
dancers do have flexibility.
do this exercise six times each class period.
eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself.
even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas.
fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor.
first of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension, since action relieves both.
follow this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all fours, kicking as high as possible.
if a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations, it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools.
if the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible, we will be that much ahead.
if we wait until children are in junior high or high school, we will never manage it.
in short, gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well.
it is made up of tumbling, which might be said to start with a somersault, run through such stunts as headstands, handstands, cartwheels, backbends, and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists **h and apparatus work.
it is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem, for just as gymnastics can learn from dance, dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics.
it should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone, and a chair should be placed under it, a little to one side.
keeping the hands in the starting position, run in place to a quick rhythm.
most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries.
oddly enough, it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty.
parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home.
push back up and repeat.
school teachers, all too unprepared for the job they must do, will need demonstrators.
start by falling forward to a point close to the feet, and, as strength improves, fall farther and farther out.
start on hands and feet.
start on the knees in a large circle.
taking first things first, let 's understand the sport called gymnastics.
the American is very lucky if he has three.
the addition of endurance training later, when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury, provides that final quality that makes the top athlete, soldier or citizen.
the apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in American gyms, but about 1930 it was dropped in favor of games.
the gymnast must develop strength, flexibility, coordination, timing, rhythm, courage, discipline, persistence and the desire for perfection.
the only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw.
the parallel bars, horse, buck, springboard, horizontal bar, rings, and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball, volleyball, basketball and football.
the push-up itself can be taught by starting at the < top > of the push-up with legs spread wide.
there should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand, and also how to help other children learn it.
they often fail, however, to develop real abdominal, back, chest, shoulder and arm strength.
they saw completely masculine and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace.
they should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught.
they were further stripped of old wive's tales by seeing the slender, lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength **h and with not one bulging muscle.
this is n't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the 11-year-old boys in America < cannot chin themselves once >, and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test ( even dashes and endurance ).
those children who can chin themselves should be told to do < one > chin up each time they pass under it.
those who are too weak, should climb on the chair and, starting at the top of the chin, let themselves < slowly > down.
to be fit, one has to start early with young children, and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance.
try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands.
very little in today 's living provides the strength we need **h and nothing provides the flexibility.
we could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people.
well-stretched, trained in posture and coordinated movement, and wedded to rhythm, they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest.
when they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent, they will have the strength to chin < up >.
#BREATHING- ELECTRONICALLY ANALYZED# The medical title of" Lobar Ventilation in Man" by Drs& C& J& Martin and A& C& Young, covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process.
#HEART-MEASURING TECHNIQUES# The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat, but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta, dimensioning of the heart and its chambers, and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat.
#RADIO-TRANSMITTER PILLS# Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers.
#SONAR IN MEDICAL RESEARCH# One of the most gratifying applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body.
( note: because of light leakage from one ultraviolet source to another, the lights are switched by a commutator-like assembly rotated by a synchronous motor.
) this is the same system as was used in the field-sequential color- TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system.
a balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed.
a good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr& G& Baum who has explored the human eye.
a group of researchers at the University of Washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques.
a refinement of this technique has been described by Drs& Zworykin and Farrar and Mr& Berkely of the Medical Electronics Center of the Rockefeller Institute.
a simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in Fig& 2.
a sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation.
a still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself.
a typical" sonogram" of a human eye, together with a description of the anatomical parts, is shown in Fig& 5.
applications to organs other than the gastrointestinal tract are planned for future experiments.
as shown in Fig& 4, an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited 3000 times a second with short 400-kc& bursts.
at the University of Washington Medical School, the electronics group has developed the" Respiratory Gas Analyzer" shown in Fig& 3.
at the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it.
based on this phenomenon, a number of investigators have used this method to" look through" human organs.
battery life limited the use of this" pill" to about 8 to 30 hours maximum.
because the body contains so much liquid, transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels.
bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals.
different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color.
for display, Dr& Baum uses a portion of an **f, an airborne radar indicator, and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record.
for many of these measurements the chest must be opened, but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed.
from the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail.
from this doctors can read heart rate, change in diameter, pressure, and effective heart power.
he can diagnose detachment of the retina where conventional methods indicate blindness due to glaucoma.
in addition to the heart and aorta, successful measurements of liver and spleen have also been made by this technique.
in medicine the frequencies are much higher, transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller, and different scanning techniques may be used, but the principles involved are the same as in sonar.
in the lower center rack an 8-channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung, the total volume of inhalation per breath, the flow of air from both lobes, and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other.
in this novel arrangement the" pill" is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer.
instead of the observer's eye the image orthicon in the TV camera does the" looking".
it is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer, mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart 's left ventricle, to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself.
it uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a catheter carrying a thermistor inserted into the bloodstream.
many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light, absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum.
one of the advantages of this method is that the" pill" can remain in the patient for several days, permitting observation under natural conditions.
one simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube, filled with mercury, around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched.
our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects.
outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge, followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder.
sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy.
the Doppler effect, using ultrasonic signals, can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel.
the energy received by the" pill" causes the resonant circuit to" ring" on after the burst and this" ringing" takes place at the resonant frequency of the" pill".
the frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc& and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter.
the latter measures the heat carried away by the bloodstream as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow.
the method used to scan the eye ultrasonically is illustrated in Fig& 6.
the microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum, which means that all lenses must be quartz.
the result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet wavelengths.
the specimen is magnified by the microscope.
the total picture is only seen by the camera which integrates the many sector scans over the entire 90-degree rotation period.
the transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath, not shown.
the transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan, just like a radar antenna, while the entire transducer structure is moved over a 90-degree arc in front of the eye to" look into" all corners.
the travel time of sound in tissue is about 1500 meters per second thus it takes about 16 |msec& to traverse 25 mm& of tissue.
the video signal is amplified and then switched, in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength, corresponding to red, green, or blue, is seen.
these frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and, after the" pill" has been calibrated, precise internal pressure indications can be obtained.
these wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror;
this assembly also supplies a 20- cps switching gate for the electronics circuitry.
this original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm& in diameter.
this pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made.
this unit, affectionately dubbed" The Monster", can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient 's breathing.
three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube.
usually the patient breathes into a mouthpiece while walking a treadmill, standing still, or in some other medically significant position.
various methods of pulsing, scanning, and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines, map ocean floors, and even communicate under water.
where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all, ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail.
#DISCOVERY OF ELECTROMAGNETISM# THE ASSOCIATION between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Chlortetracycline ( Aureomycin ) _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases gains, improves feed efficiency, and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under" how to feed" section.
#HERE 'S YOUR FEED ADDITIVE GUIDE FOR RUMINANTS:# #DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Oxytetracycline hydrochloride ( Terramycin ) _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency, aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever, prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea, and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses.
Beccaria had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a Leyden jar was sent < transversally > through a piece of watch-spring steel making its ends magnetic.
Esmarch was among those who witnessed Oersted's first demonstration of his discovery.
Oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions.
Oersted's own earlier experiments were unimpressive, possibly because he had, like other experimenters, laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it.
_BEEF AND DAIRY_- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat, provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily.
_CALVES_- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed.
_DAIRY_- For calves, feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot rot.
_HOW TO FEED: BEEF CATTLE ( FINISHING RATION)_- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement.
_HOW TO FEED: BEEF_- Not less than 70 milligrams of Aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver abscesses in feed-lot beef cattle.
_SHEEP_- As an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ), feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton.
_SHEEP_- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 20 grams per ton.
all comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with FDA.
all the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government.
an attempt should be made to see if electricity, in its most latent stage, has any action on the magnet as such".
as an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot rot, feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body weight daily.
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ), feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed.
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ), feed 50 grams per ton.
at this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle.
but in such an important question, we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty, and not a thing which is contrary to it **h.
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference **h.
by that, one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces.
chapter 8, is entitled" On Magnetism" and in it are included such remarks as," One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces.
electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles.
feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day.
for cows, feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of Aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea, in the prevention of foot rot, and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious rhinotracheitis- shipping fever complex ).
for prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping, excessive handling, vaccination, extreme weather conditions: 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only.
for prevention or treatment of bacterial scours, feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily.
for the best results, feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot.
for the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex, increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day.
for the treatment of bacterial scours, feed 100-200 grams.
for treatment of shipping fever, this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear.
he continued as a popular lecturer.
he devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current.
his plan and intent were clearly charted.
in 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to Bornholm, one of the Danish islands, being one of three scientists in the expedition.
in one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma, in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship.
in some instances, the trade name is shown in parentheses following the chemical name.
in the late 1700's Beccaria and van Marum, among others, had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it.
it is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature, as proven by Bruckmann and Coulomb.
it is true, that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication;
it was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition, Lauritz Esmarch, that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow.
knowing < specifically > what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef, dairy, and sheep men.
milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug.
milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug.
one could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat, which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature, just as electrical bodies do.
prevention of bacterial pneumonia, shipping fever, as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections ( infectious rhinotracheitis- shipping fever complex ).
the < target chart > quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what.
the drug's chemical name is listed, since most states require feed processors to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed tag.
the experiments of Romagnosi and others have already been noted but no one had determined the cause-and-effect relationship between these two primary forces.
the form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form.
the great resemblance between electrical and magnetic attractions and repulsions and the similarity of their laws necessarily would bring about this comparison.
the resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise.
the sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820.
there, forces are more latent than in electricity, and less than in magnetism **h.
this article assumes that the rations you are feeding your beef, dairy cattle, and sheep are adequately balanced with protein, vitamins, and minerals.
this indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag.
to aid in the prevention of anaplasmosis, feed not less than 0.5 milligram per pound of body weight daily.
to prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea, furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily.
to reduce incidence of liver abscesses, supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily.
together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper, thereby producing stronger currents.
treatment of the above diseases: 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only.
#1.
#2.
#FENCE-LINE FEEDING.# Animals eat only from one side, so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk.
( 3 ) Special bunks- as discussed here, they permit cattle to eat from all sides.
MARKETING in the new decade will be no picnic- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20-25 yr&.
PROBLEMS IN MARKETING METHODS# _@ MORE PRIVATE LABEL COMPETITION._ In the area of private label competition, it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade.
PROBLEMS IN THE MARKET# _@ GREATER PRICE-CONSCIOUSNESS._ There has been an intensification of price-consciousness in recent years;
_@ GEOGRAPHIC SHIFT OF CUSTOMERS._ The trends have been in evidence for many years- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West, and from city to suburbs.
_@ GREATER DEMAND FOR SERVICES._ Need for service is here to stay- and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties.
_@ INCREASED CUSTOMER SOPHISTICATION._ Average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims, partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions.
_@ LESS PERSONAL SALESMANSHIP._ Display merchandising, backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion, will continue to make strides in the sixties.
_@ MARKET CONCENTRATION AND DISTRIBUTION IN FEWER ACCOUNTS._ We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry- at both the manufacturing and retail ends.
_@ WIDER DISCRETIONARY CHOICES FOR CUSTOMERS._ In spending his money today, the consumer is pulled in many directions.
all-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year.
as mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size, there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the distributor's profits- which is, in effect, what the sale of private brands tends to do.
based on our experience with clients, we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups- the market place itself, marketing methods, and marketing management.
because of their location, on the edge of the feed lot, fence-line bunks are not in the way of mechanical manure removal.
companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies- in modern equipment and new processes, enlarged R+D facilities, faster new product development.
despite generally good levels of income, we see greater price pressures than ever before- traveling back along the chain from consumer to distributor to manufacturer.
feed is put in with an elevator.
filling these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill silos spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations.
first, most products tend to become more complex.
frequently, wittingly or unwittingly, price-consciousness has been fostered by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers.
given this kind of business climate, what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr&?
good service starts with product design and planning: many products seem to be designed for a production economy, not for a service one.
has your company thought through its strategy in this whole" discretionary buying" area?
have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse?
have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem?
have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention?
have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products?
have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force allocation, strength of distributor organizations, and even plant location?
have you examined these trends, forecast the effects, and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances?
have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company?
have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing?
here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target: has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future planning?
how can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important?
if private brand competition has n't been felt in your product field as yet, have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear?
if you are up against private brand competition, have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position?
if you have a higher-quality product, how can you make it stand out- justify its premium price- without the spoken word?
instead of relatively small sales to many accounts, there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts.
it has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program.
many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling, distribution, and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge.
many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the consumer's dollar being spent on their particular products.
moreover, the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality- and the customer seems to have caught on.
no one material is best for all situations.
proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization, and your distributor organizations, not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations.
salesmanship is still necessary, but it 's a different brand of salesmanship.
second, in a competitive market, the customer feels his weight and throws it around.
selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem.
several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk.
the change may require different products, pricing, packaging, warehousing, salesmanship, advertising and executive attention- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted.
the selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation, cost of materials available locally, and your own preference.
there are two reasons for this.
there is every indication it will continue.
these bunks also serve as a fence, so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence.
these shifts will continue in the next 10 yr&.
this problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses.
this will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall.
to the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product- the purchase of which can be switched, delayed, or put off entirely- the implications are important.
too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction.
why?
your competition is now proportionately greater- you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products.
{ average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business, delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in branded }.
{ providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product }.
" the Dictionary of Occupational Titles" published by the U& S& Department of Labor describes him as follows:" designs, plans and furnishes interiors of houses, commercial and institutional structures, hotels, clubs, ships, theaters, as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television.
an examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design, for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art, and a further" on the spot" inspection of a number of schools, show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations.
and further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society.
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command-" design a luxury apartment";
at the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position" must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art".
beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves.
but to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable.
certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in thework of one of these organizations.
considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture, furniture design, textiles and color is also desirable.
consultation with architects, clients, real estate men, fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work.
even the" history of furniture" can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides.
few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum.
fortunately, although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length, today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student, not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow- that the student already is" in the trade".
furnishes complete cost estimates for clients approval.
he must be capable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings".
here, too, the reality of actual furniture must be experienced.
in addition to this the U& S& Civil Service Bureau, when examining applicants for government positions as interior designers, expects that" when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them.
in all" degree" courses in interior design a number of" academic" or" general studies" courses are included.
in one way the Institutes and Societies do a disservice to the schools.
in the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use.
instead they learn their dissection on the bulbs of plants.
it is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand.
it is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise.
it is like medical schools in India where, in that fairy-land of religious inhibition, the dissection of dead bodies is frowned upon.
it is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English, history, psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art, especially interior design, as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects.
it is possible, of course, to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get" the feel" of real interior design demands.
it will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education, a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students.
long hard years of" on the job" training had brought them to their competence.
makes drawings and plans of rooms showing placement of furniture, floor coverings, wall decorations, and determines color schemes.
makes necessary purchases, places contracts, supervises construction, installation, finishing and placement of furniture, fixtures and other correlated furnishings, and follows through to completion of project".
no description of the client or his cultural level, no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities- simply" a luxury apartment".
no one can deny that these" back door" admissions to membership provisions have been seriously abused nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright incompetents to membership in supposedly learned societies.
nor will the hack, the Jack-of-all-trades, still found in some of the smaller art schools, suffice.
not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations, but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject.
obviously, the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated.
one or two of the schools have a five year curriculum, but the usual pattern of American education has limited most of them to the four-year plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions.
only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design.
participation for the educator in this case, however, would have to be raised to full and complete membership.
that is in the continuance of the" grandfather clauses" in their membership requirements.
the interior designer, then, must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance.
the largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and, indeed, refuses him even the right to attach the customary initials after his name in the college catalog.
the local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications.
the matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account.
the necessity of that day has long disappeared.
the old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations.
the professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers, National Society of Interior Designers, Home Fashions League and various trade associations, can and do aid greatly in this work.
the professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice.
the proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed.
the reason and the day of" grandfather clauses" has long since passed.
the suggested course of the A&I&D& was based on the usual course offered and on the opinion of many educators as to curricular necessities.
there is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
this anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students.
this kind of irresponsibility toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer.
this seems like a large order.
this seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever enforced, the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands.
thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience.
to begin with, what is an interior designer?
unfortunately, the purely synthetic problem is the rule.
we must build a corp of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education, experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres.
when these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth.
without comparing the relative merits of the two courses- architecture versus interior design- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer.
working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design.
yet even here many a problem is presented;
yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it.
#COMMUNICATIONS# If you want credit for your employee services program, let your workers know what they' re entitled to.
#INSURANCE# Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically.
#MEDICAL AND HEALTH# Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants?
#PAID VACATIONS# Which is more economical for your plant- a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation fill-ins?
#RETIREMENT POLICIES# Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company.
#RETIREMENT# Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money?
#SPECIAL TIME OFF# In granting bereavement leaves, specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify.
#a PROGRAM TO FIT YOUR NEEDS# Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program.
M + R Dietetic Laboratories, Inc&, Columbus, gives all its workers a facsimile checkbook- each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe.
above all, do n't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will.
aim to balance your employee benefit package.
also, beware of open-end policies, especially in the medical field.
also, reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you 'll probably never use it.
and so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age.
are you in a rural or urban area?
are you indiscriminantly offering unnecessary medical services- flu shots, sun lamp treatments, etc&?
but even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product, there are other facts to consider.
can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work?
can they be re-scheduled?
can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins?
can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment?
check to see if some of your benefits- such as on-the-job disability pay- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you.
choose carefully between contributory or non-contributory pension plans.
coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated.
consider installing supplemental serving lines in production areas.
do n't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death.
do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns?
do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter?
encourage them to exercise their benefits.
generally, your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement.
hallmark Cards, Inc&, Kansas City, Mo&, has a do-it-yourself quiz game called" Benefit Bafflers", which it distributes to employees.
how efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles?
how old is your working force?
if coffee is sold at the cafeteria, let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group.
if you have a full-time doctor now, can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only?
if you have an annual or regular physical examination program, is it worth what it is costing you?
in what section of the country are you located?
it can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates.
make sure milk for the coffee is placed in dispensers rather than in containers, if you are supplying the coffee.
make sure you have minimum age and time-on-the-job requirements tied into your pension plan.
otherwise, you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers.
put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits.
some companies find a little imagination helpful.
some plants go overboard on one type of fringe- say a liberal retirement plan- and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere.
the blue-collar worker thus knows his insurance package, for example, costs $227.72.
there are two sides of a coin for this decision.
these factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program.
they' re asking for union trouble.
this can be done by stories in your house organs, posters, special publications, letters to workers' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command.
this will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner.
thus, you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral.
too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant.
u& S& Rubber Company, New York, passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits.
unions stress fringe benefits, but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time.
use deductable insurance wherever feasible.
vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time.
what can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders, shipments, and receipts during vacation shutdown periods?
what sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive?
what's your profit margin?
will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees?
workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to.
would early retirement of non-productive, disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs?
you may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible, thereby alerting you to desirable revisions.
younger men usually do n't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they' re liable to change jobs several times before settling down.
#MORE CAMPERS THAN CAMPSITES# Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with.
#WHY THEY KEEP COMING# There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds.
< is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons?
> would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs, shooting programs, and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves?
@ Throughout history, the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others- for good or bad.
I 've heard 10 million mentioned often, but I 'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping.
WE WERE CAMPING a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates, seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks.
almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets.
among them, according to the U& S& Department of Commerce, are: ( 1 ) shorter work weeks, ( 2 ) higher pay, ( 3 ) longer paid vacations, ( 4 ) better transportation, ( 5 ) earlier retirement, and ( 6 ) more education.
and even if they stay in resorts part of the time, they might, if the right salesman gets them in tow, develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces.
and this helps explain why so many people are now going camping.
are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports?
are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of American boys and girls, who will grow up to enjoy a traditional American way of life- ranging the fields with a fine American gun and uniformly excellent ammunition?
ask Sammy Shooter.
because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money.
but it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become.
but make no mistake about it, the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy.
but the campers still come.
but there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs.
camp meals are no great problem.
camping is big and getting bigger.
camping is family fun, and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before.
consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather, to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable.
dealers would do well to visit such a campground often, look at the equipment and talk with the campers.
here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford.
here you begin to appreciate the scope of the challenges and possibilities facing the industry.
home is the place to find the comforts of home.
it 's fun, and it 's easy- so easy that there is time left after cooking, and tent keeping, for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families.
it would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they' re buying the comforts of home.
long weekends enable many to get away from home for three or four days several times a year.
moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp stoves, lanterns, coolers, bedding, games, fishing tackle, windbreaks and sunshades.
neither are beds, thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags.
neither are shelters, because there is one to meet the needs of every camper or prospective camper.
no one knows where it will stop.
seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more.
since the Industrial Revolution, when factories emerged, this classical pattern has been followed.
the $9.50 for lodging they save.
the AAA then splits it down this way: $10.50 for meals, $9.50 for lodging, $7 for gas and oil, and $2 for tips and miscellaneous.
the American Automobile Association, computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile, comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of $29.
the National Park Service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 campsites available for 100,000 campers a day- almost twice what there are at present.
the National Parks, always popular camping places, are facing the same pressure.
the U& S& Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily.
the automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can n't either eliminate or pare down drastically by camping along the way.
the figures range as high as 15 million families.
the more people learn about their country, the more they want to learn.
the number depends on who is talking at the moment.
there were umbrella tents, wall tents, cottage tents, station wagon tents, pup tents, Pop tents, Baker tents, tents with exterior frames, camper trailers, travel trailers, and even a few surplus parachutes serving as sunshades over entire family camps.
they are struggling to meet the demand for camping space, but families are being turned away, especially on holiday weekends.
they bring their families and tents and camp kitchens and bedding.
they bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits.
they come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance.
they' re buying fun and adventure and family experiences.
they' re not.
this beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use.
this is no longer a way of life for the bearded logger and the wandering cowboy.
today's campers want comforts, and they have them.
we saw similar displays in the other three campgrounds in this 70 mile-long National Seashore Recreation Area.
we trust that you, as a gun and ammunition dealer, have benefited through additional sales of equipment.
what does the camping couple do to this set of figures?
where Americans used to think of a single vacation each summer, they now think about how many vacations they can have.
with the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now.
you read various guesses on how many Americans are camping.
{ until recently.
} there have always been tales of disillusionment- the competent technician who became an administrator, willingly or not, and found he did n't like it;
" a recent, and more pertinent action, has been the establishment of a technical staff reporting to the vice-president for Engineering.
" these recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence.
" we also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a ' professional ' and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence.
" we presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center.
Ritter is the builder of Oakwood Heights and president of Kahler-Craft Distributors, Inc&, Newburgh, N&Y&.
SIXTY MILES NORTH of New York City where the wooded hills of Dutchess County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called" Oakwood Heights".
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern, principal heating states.
_STAFF ENGINEER @ DEPT MANAGER_" We have two approaches for the technical man: the position of staff engineer, which is rated as high in salary as department manager;
_a COMPLETE PLAN_" We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan.
a new low capacity meter is the key that unlocks the situation at Oakwood Heights.
above this point there is no generally used parallel ladder.
additional symbols of status are granted, such as reserved parking, distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges, and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit.
all scientific staff members will have the title, ' research-staff member '.
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible, thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work.
as a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with three-bedroom ranch style cottages in the $14,000 range.
as a result of that attitude, others have been discouraged from trying central distribution.
but Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular **h its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point.
called a" Slo-Flo" meter it was designed for this job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles, a key individual being Don Nelson.
common complaints included" Mrs& Murphy" leaving her windows open all the time, a fresh air fan, or the family was visiting" Aunt Minnie" with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil.
contrary to usual organization-position evaluations, the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member, therefore, are not necessarily evaluated as highly.
for the central storage, Tri-State buys one acre, Buries its tanks and simply holds permanent title to that piece.
fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that, in the business community, prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions".
he must undertake complete servicing of the oilheating equipment to assure fine heating.
how does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan?
however, that is not all he has to do.
in other words, the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the homeowners nor to the town but rather to Tri-State.
in the present project the heating is by circulating hot water form Paragon boiler-burner units with summer-winter domestic hot water hookups.
in working out the practical legal conclusions President Waters was not thinking only of this pilot project, for it is planned to duplicate this program or system in other builder developments nationally.
it is always difficult, or at least time-consuming, to get approval of any kind of line under a public street, as one example.
it is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts.
it leases the whole facility to a large oil company, at least large enough to have a strong credit position.
its editors only knew of one example to point to, a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by John Schulz in the March, 1950 issue.
its president is Otis M& Waters, partner in the law firm of Timen + Waters, 5404 Chrysler Bldg&, New York City.
not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U& S& and Canada, even overseas, write to FUELOIL + OIL HEAT to inquire if it 's feasible and where it is being done.
on this first venture the central storage is 20,000 gallons, in two tanks, or an average of 400 gallons for each of the 50 homes.
operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status.
rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family.
salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management.
the amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes, is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties.
the earlier New Haven development was public housing, so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture.
the highest rated non-supervisory engineering title is ' research engineer '.
the idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a novelty.
the salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field.
the salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ).
the supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads, so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies.
there 's an advantage in having a firm like Tri-State headed by a lawyer.
these are only halfway measures, and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry **h to progress without limit in salary and prestige".
these have to do with property rights, municipal official attitudes and a host of others.
this first test is being leased for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years.
this function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title, member of the technical staff'.
this has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered.
this is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State Pipeline Corporation, with principal offices in New York State.
to overcome this, the builder lays and completes the street himself, then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual easement for the oil lines.
vice-president is Louis Berkman and the secretary-treasurer is Mark Ritter.
we also have an ' engineering section head- research engineer ' classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research engineer.
we have two media for publicizing individual technical activity, a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company, and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers.
when a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual easement to Tri-State.
{ scientists who agitate hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it **h We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important;
{ these include encouragement of, and assistance to, the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers.
{" a serious problem accompanying the technical-ladder approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level.
} and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols, support of the ' dual-ladder ' plan has been half-hearted **h despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions.
} if no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level, the result is a department top-heavy with high-level, high-salaried personnel".
} publicity is given to the award of patents to our egnineers and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies.
} with no set standards, there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance **h { promotion is too often based on longevity and time in salary grade instead of merit.
#TRANS-ILLUMINATED BILLBOARDS# One of the most significant advancements in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated billboard, now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance Neon Sign Co&, Los Angeles, and Industrial Electric Inc&, New Orleans, La&.
#WHY THE TREND TO PLASTICS?# What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field?
#a VOLUME MARKET# According to a recent < Wall Street Journal > survey, plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales.
( see MPl, Mar& 1961, p& 98 ).
( see panel, p& 166, for a comparison.
) of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's Polychemicals Dept& of a new methyl methacrylate monomer designated as Monocite H 100, which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry.
@ Does your policy have a lay-up clause?
_2._ Plastic signs are economical.
_3._ They offer exceptional design freedom, making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer.
_4._ Plastics signs work around the clock.
_5._ Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques, ranging from injection molding for intricate, smaller-size, mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs.
_WHAT PLASTICS TO USE?_ For outdoor signs and displays, acrylic, with its outstanding optical characteristics, weather resistance and formability, strongly dominates the picture.
a 3-by- 6-ft& plastic sign weighs about 120 lb&, compared to 275-300 lb& for neon.
a relative newcomer in outdoor signs is Mylar polyester film, now used as a printed overlay for trans-illuminated signs ( see below ).
according to one major producer, materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit.
aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million.
among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding.
and it 's far from the end for plastics.
and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons, medallions, etc&, owes much to the field, as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics.
at present, both the familiar cast acrylic and the newer extruded sheets are being used by sign manufacturers, with extruded now representing an estimated 10% of the total.
cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs, background panels, and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness, ease of forming, and excellent weathering properties.
currently, there are some 6000 companies in the field, ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal, electrical, and plastic components.
designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries.
discounts run up to 2% of cost.
during daylight hours their brilliant colors command attention and interest.
evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&.
finally, maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs.
five years ago, they had only 10% of the market, with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing.
for example: if your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250, a 25% premium saving is often made.
for outdoor signs and displays, where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor, the choice of plastics is almost unlimited.
for specialized types of displays, such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product, package, human or animal figures, etc&, reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used.
four years ago, the company's entire line was devoted to neon signs;
from the volume standpoint, the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive.
here may be found regular and impact styrene, cellulose acetate, cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate, acrylic, vinyl, expandable styrene foam, and polyethylene.
industry sources are now estimating that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction.
internal illumination, protected from the elements, gives them powerful visual appeal at night;
its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors.
its high impact strength, even at low temperatures, resists chipping, cracking, and crazing, according to Du Pont.
many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays;
new to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color.
often, the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques.
out of many factors which might be cited, five are most important: _1._ Plastics combine such properties as built-in color, light weight, optional transparency or translucency, resistance to corrosion, as well as the ease of fabrication.
pre-decoration, low-cost molds, and the freedom to form large and small, thick and thin materials make plastics tailor-made for the industry.
sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass, is impervious to all kinds of weather, and will not yellow.
shipping cost is also reduced;
the art of preprinting in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers;
the concept of trans-illumination ( as shown by the photo on p& 92 ), as just one example, offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems- no matter what industry is involved.
the essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former, constructed of translucent plastic panels, are lighted from within.
the figure five is important in insurance.
the final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs, method of fabrication, degree of complexity, number of units required, time available for tooling, and projected life expectancy of the unit.
the importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry, however, is not in terms of volume alone.
the lighter weight also means less costly supports and mountings are needed.
the weight advantage, plus greater durability of the plastic unit, yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping.
there is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below.
thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a two-color sign.
this applies to repair work or winter storage.
this means either cars or trucks.
this means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days, insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you.
today, 85% is in plastics.
usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan.
vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics.
with many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs.
with the source of light behind the copy, there is no loss of lumen output, as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light.
{ i}n the period since the end of World War 2,- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful, the unusual, and the original in signs and displays- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field.
" it made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of teamwork between manufacturer, carrier, equipment maker, dealer, and builder, all working together to cut the cost of materials handling.
" so from raw materials to finished erection the costs of materials handling ( most of it inefficient ) add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of housing".
" that HOUSE + HOME Round Table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling", says Clarence Thompson, long chairman of the Lumber Dealers' Research Council.
" with a 15,500- lb fork-lift, dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for 30@ mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time", says James Wright of NLRDA.
#NEW RULE NO& 4: RESTUDY WHAT YOUR MEN DO, TO HELP THEM WASTE LESS OF THE TIME YOU PAY FOR# Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right, so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time, or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection, or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit, or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip.
#NEW RULE NO& 5: DON 'T WASTE ANY 10@-A-MINUTE TIME ON GREEN LUMBER TO SAVE 3@ A STUD# This is the most penny-wise, pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit.
_2._ Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling- including lumber, asphalt shingles, glass block, face brick, plaster, lime, hardboard, gypsum wallboard and sheathing, cement, insulation sheathing, floor tile, acoustical tile, plaster base, and asbestos shingles.
_3._ Truck and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need.
_4._ It changes the answers on when to do what at the site.
_4._ More than 50% of all lumber is unitized;
_5._ It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations.
_5._ Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments- 48' ' wide by a nominal 30' ' high ( or six McCracken packets 24' ' wide by nominal 7' ' high ).
_6._ The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12' or wider for forklift unloading ( a 21% increase while the total number of box cars was falling 6% ) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars.
_7._ More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars, and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6- B floating-load method can be unloaded for at little at 5.4@ mbf.
_HERE IS WHERE THINGS STAND TODAY:_ _1._ Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized.
_THE REVOLUTION IS WELL UNDER WAY, BUT MUCH MORE REMAINS TO BE DONE_ Five years ago a HOUSE + HOME Round Table cosponsored by the Lumber Dealers' Research Council reported unhappily:" only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads;
_THESE CARRIERS CUT HANDLING COSTS FOR THE DEALER- AND THE BUILDER_ Says NRLDA's James Wright:" since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment".
a midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from $81 to $43.50 by adopting this same process, cut them another $7.50 to $36 by buying his bricks in convenient, easy-to-spot 100-brick packages.
already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion.
an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling.
and it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load, can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases, right on the roof or inside the house ), and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it.
and most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles".
before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem".
builder Eddie Carr of Washington, past president of NAHB, cut his bricklaying costs $150 a house by adopting the" SCR masonry process" worked out after careful time-+-motion studies by the Structural Clay Products Research Foundation to help bricklayers do better work for less.
but now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed- drywall inside the house, siding along the sides, trusses on the walls, roofing on the roof, etc&.
but now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels, green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford.
dry studs cost less than 3@ more.
even" America 's most efficient builder", Bob Schmitt of Berea, hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-+-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works.
first was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb;
for example, instead of putting in your driveways last ( as many builders do ) you can now save money by putting them in first.
for long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper.
for some significant new items see the pictures.
green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster, when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum.
green studs cost about 65@;
if you 've travelled in Europe a time or two, it is quite certain that you 've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic.
instead of closing the house in first ( as most builders do ) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to ( < see p 121 > ).
it cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man- the driver- to unload it, and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading.
it lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication, where almost everything can be made better and cheaper.
later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast ( still pending elsewhere ) of 7@ cwt on 70,000 lb-plus carloads ( which works out to more than $4 mbf on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 lb ).
most of the others will swallow their 50@ to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer.
no house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled.
not necessarily to be off all by ourselves, but away from the crowds and common happenstance.
not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by" buying direct" and short-cutting the dealer.
of these, 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units, because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost.
one good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew.
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads;
only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads.
only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads;
reports Jim Lendrum:" by studying men on the job, we found that two men- a carpenter and a helper- can lay a floor faster than three.
says Clarence Thompson:" we dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself".
says Wright:" our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years.
see < page 156 >.
so if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds, the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud.
so manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle- the self-unloading carrier.
the SCR process, with its precision corner-posts, its precision guide lines, its working level scaffold, and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set, but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day.
the reason: today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper.
the revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier.
there are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it.
there comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone.
these units make it easy to load as much as 48,000 bd ft ( say 120,000 lb in a 50' box car- much more than the average for loose-loaded cars.
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team.
this costs from 75@ to $2.30 mbf, but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open.
we found that three men- two carpenters and a helper- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men- because four men do n't make two teams;
we found that wherever you can use two teams on a job, five men, not four, is the magic number".
Smith's first workout with stresses, pitches, and junctures was based on mother, which spells, in our culture, a good deal more than bread alone.
a brisk, amusing man, apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind, Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about" a young rat named Arthur, who never could make up his mind".
an accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp.
and the drawling, oversoft voice of flirtation, though fairly overt, was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture.
and while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered, the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired.
aside from her specifically regional accent, she reveals by the use of the triad," irritable, tense, depressed", a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i&e&, she must have had at least a high-school education ), and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before.
aside from the comico-romantico content here, a good linguist-anthropologist could readily pick up a few other facts, especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on.
at a minimum, recording- usually on tape, which is now in wide professional use- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists.
at this point, unfortunately, romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture;
but communication, no. this basic principle, the first in a richly knotted bundle, was conveyed to me by Dr& Henry Lee Smith, Jr&, at the University of Buffalo, where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics.
but consider, if you can bear it, what might have happened if MacArthur, for some perverse, undaunted reason, had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo.
by adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews, they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist.
by saying" a < noth > er emotional death", she reveals that there has been a previous one, although she has not described it in words.
conclusions: the people involved ( and subsequent facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds, both monetary and sentimental.
consequently, it is referred to the therapist for attention.
even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with: **f In other words, the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated.
for example, if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person, there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother.
he may then very well conclude that" everybody" is probably not the true target of her resentment.
his esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties, making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient.
however, whether you arrange to have a European or American model, if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party, your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger.
if you drive greater distances than that, you 'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment, fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands.
immediately thereafter, the patient fractures her rehearsed story, veering into an oversoft, breathy, sloppily articulated," I do n't feel like talking right now".
in American romance, almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called" meeting cute"- that is, boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it does n't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom.
in a general way, psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic, that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words.
in one now-historic first interview, for example, the transcript ( reproduced from the book, < The First Five Minutes > ) goes like this: **f The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral- he has, for example, avoided stressing" you", which would imply disapproval;
in other words, like automation machines designed to work in tandem, they shared the same programming, a mutual understanding not only of English words, but of the four stresses, pitches, and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white.
in the early 1950's, Smith, together with his distinguished colleague, George Trager ( so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ), and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell ( Ray ), agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication: ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) paralanguage, a set of phenomena including laughing, weeping, voice breaks, and" tone" of voice, and ( 3 ) kinesics, the technical name for gestures, facial expressions, and body shifts- nodding or shaking the head," talking" with one's hands, et cetera.
interpretation, naturally, remains the role of the therapist, but orientation- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background, but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist.
it flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue, the note of disapproval, ambivalence or ambiguity, annoyance, resentment, and the disinclination to speak at all- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences.
it is only fairly recently, however, that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people.
it was there, in the course of trying to prepare new men for the" culture shock" they might encounter in remote overseas posts, that he first began to develop a system of charting the" norms of human communication".
just about the most enthralling real-life example of meeting cute is the Charles MacArthur-Helen Hayes saga: reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts, but he said simultaneously," I wish they were emeralds".
later, he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute.
linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms.
newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level.
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl, one degree of oversoftness **h.
of course, if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride, you 'll have a memorable tour, but it will n't be cheap, and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you 've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes.
or surprise, which would set the patient apart from other people.
quite other feelings are evidenced by this style: **f Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence;
she says later, but still within the opening five minutes," I keep thinking of a divorce but that 's another emotional death".
since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry, the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training.
since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars, it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less, but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this, provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine.
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce.
some of the earliest recordings, made in the 1940's, demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track, whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which- if they were at all discernible in print- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts.
the big spread is in the charge for each kilometer driven, being governed by the rate at which gasoline is consumed.
the fees for the rental of chauffeur-driven cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the drive-yourself cars.
the joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established, in point of fact, that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved, it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world.
the linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence;
the patient, on the other hand, is far from neutral;
the phrase," emotional death", interesting and, to a non-scientific mind, rather touching, suggests that this woman may have some flair for words, perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called" creative".
the point- quite simply- is this: words they might have had;
the symbols of mother's status, here, are all usual for culture U&S&A&.
the usual U&S& norm would be: **f Middle pitches, slight pause ( juncture ) before mother, slight rise at the end.
the way MacArthur said his line- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist- would probably have gone like this: **f Primary stresses on emeralds and wish;
then she catapults into" everything and everybody", putting particular violence on" everybody", indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag- that is, it is not congruent to the patient's general style of speech up to this point.
this is a" fade" ending, and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech, expressing something less than conventional respect for mother.
this the therapist may pursue in later questioning.
this will include your helpful, English-speaking chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day.
this, for obvious reasons, makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview, so useful, in fact, that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy.
to her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber.
to the trained ear of the linguist, talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker- such things as geographical origin and history, socio-economic identity, education.
with this seven-word sentence- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food- he was telling things about himself and, in the last two examples, revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture.
within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that" everybody" truthfully refers to the woman's husband.
your chauffeur's expenses will average between $7.00 to $12.00 a day, but this charge is the same whether you rent a 7-passenger Cadillac limousine or a 4-passenger Peugeot or Fiat 1800.
" fermate"!
" it 's up to you to protect yourselves.
" stop!
" this harbor is a bomber's paradise", the Britisher had said with frank grimness.
## Above decks on the < John Harvey, > Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy.
< Unsinkable > slowed and stopped, hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black, the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek, the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari.
Bari was asking for it, he thought.
Captain Musmanno 's renovated schooner with the flamboyant name < Unsinkable > had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population.
Captain Musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft.
Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs, and when night began to fall, he put Seaman 2 c Donald L& Norton and Seaman 1 c William A& Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette.
Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the < John Harvey > in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs.
Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen.
Musmanno was on deck.
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly.
Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade.
Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded.
Vesole had been stunned.
a British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped.
after the first two were blacked out, the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew, who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British MP's shot it out.
and they also had the lights of the city, the port wall lanterns, and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on.
another, longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth.
at exactly 7:30, he felt a fluttering object brush his face.
below decks, Seaman 1 c Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home.
but he had mistaken it for bugs.
but how could-?
capt& Michael A& Musmanno, Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula, had also seen and felt the" rain".
damned if that was n't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor- Porto Vecchio.
deck Cadet James L& Cahill and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave.
for five days now, they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold.
he frowned.
he hoped they would put it somewhere way, way down in the earth.
he laughed.
he snatched at it savagely.
he thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head.
he turned the beam of his flashlight on it.
his eyes boggled.
in that interval, the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor.
it had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K& Vesole, in charge of the armed guard aboard the < John Bascom >.
it was a clear night and it was raining!
it was not candy wrapping.
it was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating.
it was two feet long.
it was" window"- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets, to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers.
like hell he 'd wait- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out?
like hell!
merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares, made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud, were impossible to miss.
nine of them had gone down the gangplank already.
not fire until the bombs came down!
stop the engines"!
the burden of his secret was pressing down on him, as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men.
the little < Unsinkable > sank almost immediately.
the night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette.
the other half of the crew, plus Beckstrom and his men, had remained aboard.
then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers.
then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver, and he glanced upward.
there were lights glinting in the city, too, even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible.
they got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under.
they had come from airports in the Balkans, these hundred-odd Junkers 88's.
they had ruined the radar warning system with their window, they had made themselves invisible above their flares.
they had winged over the Adriatic, they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her, attacking with deadly skill.
they seemed happy at the delay in unloading, glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari.
they' re all being used on offensive missions".
we can n't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia, either.
what would his guns guide on then- the North Star?
" Louis Bromfield's writings excited me as a conservationist".
" THE FOOD IS WONDERFUL and it is a lot of fun to be here"!
" adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push".
" after the soil, the kitchen", says Mr& Clark.
" people and soils respond slowly", says Walter Clark," but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program.
" to give up these notions required a revolution in thought", Mr& Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading" Organic Gardening" and" Modern Nutrition" in a search for help with his problems.
" you can n't make French toast with whole-wheat bread", was an early complaint.
#IMPROVED FARMING METHODS# The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden.
Chauncey Depew, one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination, was attending a convention at Saratoga, where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met.
a new project planned is the use of Bio-Dynamic Starter.
after reading" Plowman's Folly" by Edward H& Faulkner, he stopped plowing.
after the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt.
all these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year.
at first the kitchen help was tolerant, but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves.
because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value, care for its origin, and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients, the food < does > taste good.
but the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene.
but, in denying any physical reality for this dream, how could the brain possibly compose that realistic, vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout, violent break or sudden substitution?
by 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray.
dr& Hilprecht was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream.
from fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June.
he locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains.
he remembered exactly when he had lived through it before, and he had something to prove he had.
he was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite, and imagined it must have been German or English.
if < deja vue > is an illusion, then peculiarly, it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most level-headed people.
if Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past, he would have been informed that he was a victim of < deja vue >.
in a climate hostile to agriculture, Mr& Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques.
in this one sentence, he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school.
it was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader.
mr& Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing, use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides, plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring, did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil.
mr& Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields, but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future.
nevertheless, there are notably frequent instances of < deja vue, > in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before, a feeling which, though vague, withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists.
new ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment.
no chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used".
no doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper's mind.
of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread, but the children liked it better.
one week before the convention, Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson, gazing at the opposite shore.
probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake.
separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells.
situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country, the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands.
sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency, he pointed to the nearby driveway and said," This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there".
so wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School, Lake Placid, New York.
some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription, together with other new evidence, fully corroborated the ancient priest's information.
soon after the method changed, visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist, when in reality, it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this.
that the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal, gradient frequencies, across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met?
that the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain, or 2.
the Director, Walter E& Clark, believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare.
the basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program, poultry for eggs, pigs to eat garbage, a beef herd and wastes of all kinds.
the cabbage and squash keep until March or April.
the carrots sometimes do n't make it through the winter;
the degree of circumstance, the ratio of memory to forgetfulness, determines whether a dream will be a recognized, fulfilled prevision, or the vaguely, effective source of the weird < deja vue > feeling.
the first major change was that of providing wholewheat bread instead of white bread.
the garden supplies enough carrots, turnips, rutabagas, potatoes, beets, cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar.
the school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school.
there is never enough corn, peas or strawberries.
these contemporary structures, beautifully adapted to a school in the country, are home to 60 children, ages eight to fourteen, grades four through eight.
throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat.
to demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today, Mr& Clark stooped to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth.
to him this means caring for the whole child, providing basic nutrition, and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind.
we may conclude that all six points of information, ostensibly given by the dream priest, < could have > been furnished by Dr& Hilprecht's < subconscious > reasoning.
when served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension, a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments, the athletic programs and the most important phase, the educational opportunities.
when we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority, they, of course, cannot impress us as anything familiar.
where a growing season may, with luck, allow 60 days without frost, and where the soil is poor, sandy, quick-drying and subject to erosion, many farmers fail.
which theory is more fantastic: 1.
years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity.
" but Fogg", they countered," we can n't get over there.
" good old iron compass"!
#HEALTHIER CHILDREN# Since the change to better nutrition, he feels he can report on improvements in health, though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof.
#OUTDOOR EXERCISES# Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition, Mr& Clark felt the school had a good health program.
BUFFETED by swirling winds, the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf.
Burlington aviator John J& Burns suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen, and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged" Jenny" and DeHaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base.
Vermont's main railroad line was prostrate.
a long flat known as the St& John field seemed to answer their purpose, and since the Winooski bridges were at last passable, they decided to use it.
a plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars, and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights.
a trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1 feet long, the Waco was entered to compete in the" On-to-Spokane" Air Derby of 1927.
a vigorous program existed in skiing, skating sports and overnight hiking.
after a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs, Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field.
and besides you seem to make it all right here".
and in the dark days after the Great Flood of 1927- the worst natural disaster in the state's history- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails.
and once medicine, food, clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims, communications and the mail were the next top problems.
anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane, Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry, Vermont National Guard, laid out runways on Wilson flat, high on Millstone Hill.
as a matter of fact, Fogg and his plane did n't get beyond Pennsylvania in the race- an engine oil leak forced him down- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers.
as a wind direction indicator, they tied a cotton rag to a sapling.
between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat, arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory.
but what came in was piling up.
by airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles, counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier.
clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices- those who still had offices- and wondered how to move the mail.
down in Concord, New Hampshire, was a flier in the right place at the right time: Robert S& Fogg, a native New Englander, had been a World War 1, flying instructor, barnstormer, and one of the original planners of the Concord Airport.
during the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927, dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes.
during the second week of operations, Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department, asking him to" put on two airplanes and make two flights daily, plus one Sunday trip".
each time in, the unhappy pilot, pushing his luck, begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place, preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River.
each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches.
faced with this situation, Postmaster Charles F& McKenna of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip, and together they scouted the terrain on the heights of Berlin.
from Burlington, outgoing mail could be ferried across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent, N& Y&.
he peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below.
he thought.
his work began just six days after the flood.
in Concord, Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings.
it seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air.
it took a tragedy to bring things to a head.
over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water, and bridges were crumpled and gone.
piloting a Curtiss Navy MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in 1925, he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America.
public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane, aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map.
rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight.
rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule.
sent to Montpelier by Secretary Herbert Hoover, Red Cross Aide Reuben Sleight had been killed, and his pilot, Lt& Franklin Wolfe, badly injured.
so with all this experience, Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract.
tall, wiry, dark-haired Bob Fogg had already racked up one historical first in air mail history.
the cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day.
the first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right, and used Wilson flat above Barre when it was n't.
the girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream.
the nearest undisrupted end of track from Boston was at Concord, N& H&.
the only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street, a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions.
the question was" Where to land"?
the ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
the school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality.
the ship was a Waco biplane, one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled, 225 HP Wright radial engine known as the Whirlwind.
the state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way: it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks.
the" Barre Aviation Field" was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood.
there was no such thing as an airport in Vermont.
they had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather, in and out of established airports, And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War 1, planes.
they had to act fast, for letters were clogging the terminals.
though the makeshift airports were ready, the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule.
visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen.
when Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state, it seemed a likely temporary solution, easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too.
wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings, but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit.
with a wary eye on the farmer's bull, Fred Somers of Montpelier and Mr& St& John marked the field with a red table cloth.
with the field a blur of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the hillside.
with these aids, and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco, Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21, 1927.
## { Actually, you can take no special credit for this.
## { You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot.
I, frankly, can n't draw a straight line.
all sorts of plans come to life.
all this is standard equipment for a man of your day;
anyway, I 'll bet you have a lot of fun.
believe me!
but, if you do, your life will be just one thing- unhappiness- complete and unabridged.
conferences become very popular.
do you like to sew?
do you love to run up a hem, sew on buttons, make neat buttonholes?
does making your own clothes or even doll clothes, interest you?
every retiring person has a different situation facing him.
find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl.
however, the last few years of your life, things seem to be changing.
if you can n't think of a thing to do, try something- anything.
if you do, go to it.
it seems to me, the first thing you 've got to do, to be happy, is to face up to your problems, no matter what they may be.
let 's face it!
let this generation have theirs.
make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life.
many of you will say," Well, what can I do"?
maybe you are not that gifted either, but how about puttering around with the old paints?
maybe you will surprise yourself.
now!
now, looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals, calculated risks and I&B&M& machines.
one thing, I am sure of, you must get an interest in life.
some are blest with an abundance of good health- some are in poor health and many are invalids.
some have beautiful gardens- some not even a blade of grass.
some have lovely homes- some live in small apartments.
some have plenty of money- some have very little money.
some have serenity of mind, the ability to accept what they have, and make the most of it ( a wonderful gift to have, believe me)- some see only darkness, the bitter side of everything.
some women can sit and sew, crochet, tat or knit by the hour, and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work.
that 's called progress!
the Planning Dept& comes into existence.
the answer is a new era.
the new way of life!
the question is" How are you going to live with it"?
then again, there 's always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs.
there are many, many things to do.
there is always a market for this line of work.
this is followed by a boom in conferences.
time marches on!
to put it bluntly, you are getting out-moded.
true!
we are not all great artists.
well, to get back to the problem of retirement.
well, whatever you have, that 's it!
what 's happened?
when a plan burst its seams, hasty conferences supply the necessary patch, and life goes merrily on.
when you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on, or get out the safety pins.
where sewing is concerned, I 'm a total loss.
yes sir!
you 've got to do something.
you 've got to learn to live with it.
you can do this.
you had your day and it was a good day.
you may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it.
you realize you are getting in the old fogy class.
your livelihood.
your stock in trade;
your way does n't seem to be so darned important any more.
} it is the way you were taught and your way of life.
} yes!
## < The importance of loving tenderness is obvious.
## First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen.
## In recent times, when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly, the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention.
## The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological.
## { S}o far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created.
( hymen, in fact, is the Greek word for membrane.
) often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse.
< but > during the same examination, < two > fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain;
< gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage.
< one thing should be clear to both husband and wife- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act.
SOME recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote, Victorian past;
Sir Julian Huxley in his book UNIQUENESS OF MAN makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection, so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity.
and in fact without any difficulty < if the pressure is kept downward at all times >.
apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles, other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment.
as a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina.
as might be expected, girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity.
at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making.
but an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman.
but there is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs.
by this same combination of the will and the imagination, each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be.
by using instruments of gradually increasing size, the vagina is gently, and with minimum pain at each stage, taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape.
extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin.
extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated.
folk-lore, superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints.
if he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen, it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or, preferably, to dilate it >.
if the wedding party lasted late, and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start, the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours.
ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety, misunderstanding and suspicion >.
in fact, the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon.
in this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl.
is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride?
is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process?
is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy.
it is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one;
it is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation.
joking and talking may be freer and easier, but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women.
locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration.
more rarely, the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration.
obviously, the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation.
perhaps- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners, family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance.
privacy must be highly assured both in time and place.
she learns how to relax them to < accept > - instead of contracting them to < repel > the entering object.
since it is a purely professional situation, none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved.
so that < the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations >.
some hymens are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood.
special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value.
that is, locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location, but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment.
that is, when first penetration takes place, the pressure and pain signals may < involuntarily > cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain.
that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation.
the consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose.
the husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind.
the hymen is, in essence, a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations.
the intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control.
the long, unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels.
the vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation.
these cases, for all their rarity, are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds.
these regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse.
they may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina;
this is obvious when it is remembered that, during childbirth, the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby.
this recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act.
under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases, providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration >.
various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both.
we know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles.
we must realize with Prof& Charles Morris in his THE OPEN SELF that" Man is the being that can continually remake himself, the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation".
when no medical problems exist, the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves.
" Grandma was n't expected to like it", Dr& Marion Hilliard, the late Toronto gynecologist, once summed up the attitude of the ' 90s.
" a marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness", declares Dr& Calderone.
" the pattern", says Dr& Morton Schillinger, psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy," is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly, virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night".
" very few wives", says Dr& Calderone," who balance the checkbook, fix the car, choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen, are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned.
" when the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness", Dr& Linden says," the wife, in turn, finds him inadequate.
" when the roles of husband and wife are reversed, so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower", Dr& Linden says," the effects on their whole relationship, sexual and otherwise, can be disastrous".
## FURTHERMORE, Dr& Calderone says, a certain number of docile, retiring men always have been around.
## IN ONE EXTREME case, cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist, an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded.
## SOME DATE IT from woman suffrage, others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace, still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin.
a woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well".
according to Dr& Ellis, the average 20-year-old American woman is capable of far greater sexual arousal than her partner.
after all, the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing, in literature and on the stage, as Dr& Schillinger points out.
after every money argument, she rebuffed her husband's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor.
an aggressive woman wants a man to demand, not knuckle under.
and an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response.
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything, including the marriage bed.
another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis.
asked why, he replied primly:" because that 's no activity for a gentleman".
but such cases were, in the past, unusual.
caught at last, he was sentenced to prison.
circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing, money-handling and home maintenance.
experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed.
family survival on our own Western frontier, for example, could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon;
finally, he was cooking, washing dishes, bathing the children, and even ironing- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them.
generally, however, in such marriages as those cited, the husband is at his wife's mercy.
hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself, he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area.
in fact, the noted psychologist and sex researcher, Dr& Albert Ellis, has declared flatly that women are" sexually superior" to men.
in those days, a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere.
left alone while her husband was miles away in the city, the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male.
marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax.
more often, though, he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home.
more typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor.
naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
no one seriously contends, of course, that the domineering wife is, sexually speaking, a new character in our world.
not surprisingly, Dr& Ellis says, some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities.
often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction".
one such man once confided to Dr& Theodor Reik, New York psychiatrist, that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor.
one wife, described by a New York psychologist, so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule, writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties.
she found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless.
she knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband.
she liked this taste of authority and independence, and, with darkness, was not likely to give it up.
society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept.
some psychologists, in fact, suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives.
sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage.
the husband is usually a well-educated professional, preoccupied with his job- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is:" do n't rock the boat".
the wife is likely to be young, sophisticated, smart as a whip- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage.
the wife's attempt at control, these psychologists contend, is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job.
there is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom.
they < like > to be dominated.
they are n't" frigid" and they are n't homosexual;
they began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.
they' re just restrained in all of life.
this carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring < Life With Father > manner.
this opinion is supported by one of the nation 's leading psychiatrists, Dr& Maurice E& Linden, director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health.
this woman repeatedly complained she was" too tired" for marital relations.
to please her, her husband assumed some of the domestic chores.
to win her favors, her husband first took an additional job, then desperately began to embezzle from his employer.
unless her husband also desires sex, the act cannot be consummated.
virtually everyone agrees, however, that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs.
when did women begin to assert themselves sexually?
when was the turning point?
while he was in custody his wife divorced him.
wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as" used" by their husbands- and, history indicates, they often quite literally were.
yet, paradoxically, according to Dr& Maurice Linden, many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them.
" Pulley Bey insisted that she bestow her favors on him", the friend continued.
" so extensive became her circle of admirers", Egyptian police said," that her escapades caused distrust".
" the actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent.
" then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers".
" there had been a threesome at the party in the suite's bedroom: Miss Harrington ( this was Diane's choice for a Roman name ), another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors.
" they were wearing nothing but their scratches.
" we are Americans".
" you can n't do this to us", Diane screamed.
Diane spoke no Italian or French.
Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring.
McClellan, who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction, was with her when she died.
Pulley Bey spoke no English.
Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel, but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key.
Tewfik Badrawi, Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company.
a close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way:" it was a strange relationship.
and in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way.
and return to the United States she did, into waiting arms- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office.
by this time Diane was a beguiling lass of 19 and still seeking her place in the world.
discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental.
even among the fast set in which she was moving, her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique.
he had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time.
held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey Jelke, the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of Detention, a terribly overcrowded prison.
in an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her.
in the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador.
it is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room, with her meals taken at Vesuvio 's, an excellent Italian restaurant.
it seemed as though she were always auditioning.
it was September 20, 1960, in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles.
it was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night.
last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
more often than not he would bow to the inevitable.
newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney.
no believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors, the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months, vainly hoping to see Farouk.
no charges were filed".
no one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
of course, her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it, but then there is a limit to what one person can do.
officials provided a temporary passport, good only for return to the United States.
one of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel.
one who needed no such threats was a French financier.
several years ago she married a Houston business man, Robert Graham.
she could do no wrong at the tables that time.
she had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet.
she had had a party with a regular visitor, Dr& William W& McClellan.
she later divorced Graham, who is believed to have moved to Bolivia.
she picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her.
she teamed up with another beauty, whose name has been lost to history, and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious.
she thought royal status might come her way when, while she was still in Rome, she met Pulley Bey, a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt.
she wanted to go around the world, but she settled for a French holiday.
smarter than most gamblers, she slipped away from the casino, packed her bag and took the night train to Paris.
the Greek evidently fell for her," Monsieur X" recounted, and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 francs ( about $300 ) and led her to the roulette tables.
the cagey Pulley Bey, who spoke no English, had taken the passport so that Diane could n't leave the country without his approval.
the girls, after dressing, were indignant.
the hotel staff, as well as residents of the Excelsior, told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall.
the luxury of Paris' most fashionable hotel, the George 5,, bored the beautifully-built blonde, so she high-tailed it to Rome.
the next time the police saw her she was dead.
the roof was about ready to fall in on Diane's little world, but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down.
they also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport.
they were asked to leave the hotel.
to climax her Roman revels, she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help.
when Farouk was overthrown, police picked up his personal pimp, Pulley Bey.
when he realized she was dead, he called two lawyers and then the police.
when the date would try to bid her good-night at the door, she would tell him," If you go home now, I 'll scream".
when the police arrived, they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently.
with the Ambassador as headquarters, she continued to promote good will abroad.
with the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York **h it was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous" Lady Harrington".
" hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy, and its rays will cure any disease you have", said the company.
" neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractor's treatments".
" that 's a lot of hard-earned money to lose", he says today.
" the majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment", says Dr& Allan G& Brodie, professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field.
" unfortunately", says Chief Postal Inspector David H& Stephens, who has prosecuted many device quacks," the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court".
## DEATH!
( small wonder a Spokane jury awarded the husband $35,823 for his wife's death.
) in California, a few years ago, a ghoul by the name of H& F& Bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer.
Carroll diagnosed Mrs& Hull by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his" radionic" machine and twirling some knobs ( fee $50 ).
Doris Hull, suffering from tuberculosis, was taken by her husband to see Otis G& Carroll, a sanipractor- a licensed drugless healer- in Spokane.
Richard Stewart is no special case.
Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her.
Sarah Gross, a dress shop proprietor, paid $1020 to a masseur, and Mr& A&, a laborer, paid $4200 to a chiropractor for treatment with two fake health machines- the" radioclast" and the" diagnometer".
TEN-YEAR-OLD Richard Stewart had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year.
after his pains got worse, Tom decided to see a real doctor, from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung.
although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him, Carroll permitted her to go on a 10-day fast in which she took nothing but water.
and there was the case of Tom Hepker, a machinist, who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine.
as a result, she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack" doctor" was using were phony.
authorities hesitate to quote exact figures, however, believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface manifestation- turned up by their inevitably limited policing- of the real loot of the medical racketeer.
authorities say that oldsters are a prime target.
but he 's a welfare case now- a human wreck- thanks to this modern witch doctor.
but it is our health- more precious than all the money in the world- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away.
but the machine quack can cause far more than just suffering.
by no means are these isolated cases.
by preying on the sick, by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate, by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care, these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity.
during the year that followed, Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance.
for example, the BBB has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago.
for instance: in Chicago, some time ago, Mr& H&, age 27, a diabetic since he was six, stopped using insulin because he had bought a" magic spike"- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $306 as a cure-all.
have no doubt about it.
he did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died, reconditioning them, and selling them at $185 each.
his grades had gone steadily downhill, and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school.
his prescription: hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water.
how can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment?
in such diseases as cancer, tuberculosis, and heart disease, early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud's cure-all gadget can prove fatal.
in this sense, authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative.
inevitably, Mrs& Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis, weighing 60 pounds.
moreover, her husband and child contracted T&B& from her.
moreover, the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide.
mr& A has recovered, but he is, justifiably, a bitter man.
mr& A&, her fellow townsman, also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife- a woman suffering from an incurable disease, multiple sclerosis- and himself.
mr& H& is dead today because he followed this advice.
mr& and Mrs& Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually.
people who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks".
says Wallace F& Jannsen, director of the FDA's Division of Public Information:" quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people, or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis, rheumatism, diabetes, and cancer.
she suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
similarly, the American Cancer Society ( ACS ), the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation, and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high.
that 's where device quackery can lead.
that 's why the FDA, the American Medical Association ( AMA ), and the National Better Business Bureau ( BBB ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually.
the Postmaster General recently reported that mail order frauds- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently- are at the highest level in history.
the economic toll that the device quack extracts is important, of course.
the evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines, substituted for valid medical cures, have hastened the deaths of thousands.
the victims of the quacks are frequently poor people, like Mr& A&, who scrape up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor Fraud's avarice.
the youngsters in the boys' class had nicknamed Dick" Bugs Bunny" because his teeth protruded.
then one day Dick's classmate Jimmy, from next door, let the cat out of the bag.
they are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
typically, Sarah Gross and Mr& A both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their Cleveland quacks.
what do parents need to know about those" years of the braces" in order not to waste a child's time and their money?
when Richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws- their young son was interested.
when authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ), one of his victims was not around to testify: he was dead of cancer.
who are the victims of the device quacks?
why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken?
yes, Tom caught it in time to stay alive.
you will come up with a frightening total.
" a child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth deformity".
" after your child's baby teeth are all in- usually at the age of two and one half to three- it 's time for that first dental appointment", Dr& Brodie advises.
" both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions, some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so.
" costs may seem high, but they used to be even higher", says Dr& Brodie.
" fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago".
" fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does, and that helps us know what we can do".
" in the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at;
" nature often takes care of the problem", says Dr& Brodie.
" then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year".
## ANOTHER MEDIUM, another sitter, would produce a somewhat different content, but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading.
## AS WAS NOTED earlier, it is important that in valid, objective study of this sort of communication, the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive.
#PREVENTION IS BEST# AS a rule, the earlier general dental treatment is started, the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be.
#RESEARCH HELPS FAMILIES# GROWTH studies have been carried on consistently by orthodontists.
after a while there come initials and names, and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family nicknames.
all he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner, seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions.
as the hour progresses, the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements.
but it is not really only a conversation.
dr& Brodie has 30-year records of head growth, started 20 minutes after children's births.
dr& Karlis Osis, Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation, described the basis for the experiment in a TOMORROW article, (" New Research on Survival After Death", Spring 1958 ).
for example, a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another.
for this was to be a" proxy sitting".
from time to time the medium mentions other people" around him", who were" on the other side", and reports what they are saying.
he himself might not have been really aware of his own mood;
he remarked:" it has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received telepathically by the medium from the sitter".
here the absent sitter makes a" date" with a communicator ( someone close to him who is deceased ), asking him to" come in" at a certain hour, when a channel will be open for him.
however that may be, people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons.
however, in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium, he did not receive a personal reading.
if a child < does > lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay- and if no preventive steps are taken- the other teeth may shift out of position, become overcrowded and malformed.
if the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name ( given by the experimenter ), he cannot possibly give any clues, conscious or unconscious, far less ask leading questions.
in fact, some sensitives rule this out, preferring to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception ( ESP ), on this side of the" veil".
in many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee.
in other cases, in view of present-day knowledge of head growth, orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment.
in the past an orthodontist might have tried, over four or five years, to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that, despite some growth, would never accommodate them.
in this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the communicator, nothing else.
in turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them.
instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing.
it had been latent, unspecified, semi-conscious and only partly realized- until she described it to him!
let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment", he urges.
many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind.
most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances, but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years.
most striking indeed is this beyond-normal ability to put a finger on" pre-conscious" moods and to clarify them.
not all, as a matter of fact, consider themselves" mediums" in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased.
now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately.
now we know that family characteristics < do > affect tooth formation to a large extent", he says.
one way to do this is by" proxy sittings", wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute, the proxy sitter.
people today are aware of the value of orthodontics, and as a result there are more practitioners in the field.
perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort, to feel in touch with the deceased, or seek indications for future plans.
plaster of Paris, once utilized in making impressions of teeth, has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child.
plastics are easier to handle than the vulcanized rubber formerly used, and they save time and money.
some mediums speak in practical, down-to-earth terms, while others may stress the spiritual.
some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents.
sometimes in these experiments" appointment sittings" are used.
superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research.
that is why Dr& Brodie asks parents not to insist, against their dentist's advice, that their child have orthodontic work done too early.
the child is kept on call, and the orthodontist watches the growth.
the mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state, so that the sitter can make comments, ask and answer questions, instead of talking with a" control" who speaks through an entranced sensitive.
the possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter, and to do this, the two central characters in this drama must be separated.
the reason?
there are a few prognoses of coming events.
they may, of course, be curiosity seekers- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of mediumship.
this knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment.
to become an orthodontist, a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist, then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist.
to help prevent orthodontic problems from arising, your dentist can do these things: _@_ He can correct decay, thus preventing early loss of teeth.
what we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation.
#LAND, LABOR, AND EQUIPMENT NEEDED# Part-time farming can take comparatively little land, labor, and equipment- or a great deal.
_@_ A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably.
_@_ Farming is confining.
_@_ For some retired persons, part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income.
_@_ Generally, the s ame level of living costs less in the country than in the city.
_@_ Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life.
_@_ Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost, < provided > the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs.
_@_ Production may fall far below expectations.
_@_ Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year.
_@_ Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational.
_@_ The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost.
_ADVANTAGES_ _@_A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children.
_EQUIPMENT_ If you are going to produce for home use only, you will need only hand tools.
_LABOR_ If you have a year-round, full-time job you can n't expect to grow much more than your family uses- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help.
_LAND_ Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use, and for a small flock of chickens, a cow, and two pigs.
a part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen, per cow, or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer.
a slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens.
as a rule, part-time farmers hire little help.
but consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work.
caring for a calf, a pig, or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work.
do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time- only what you are willing to use for farm work.
drought, hail, disease, and insects take their toll of crops.
even if there are no livestock, the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods, particularly during the growing season.
for some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job, and a physical conditioner.
frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain.
general requirements for land, labor, and equipment are discussed below.
he cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice;
he may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations, such as spraying or threshing, and for these, he may have to wait his turn.
if it is owned, taxes must be paid, and if the place is not free of mortgage, there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of.
if the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high, farm labor costs will also be high.
if the farm is rented, the rent must be paid.
if you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale, you 'll need more land.
in deciding how much land you want, take into account the amount you 'll need to bring in the income you expect.
in deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor, compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1.
it depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation.
it gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air.
it is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health.
it may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably.
it will frequently be uneconomical for him to own the most up-to-date equipment.
land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price, higher if it has subdivision possibilities.
list the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month.
livestock must be tended every day, routinely.
no matter how well work is planned, bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up.
part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities.
sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings, even into his capital.
some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development.
sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract.
specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14.
such a move may mean a loss of capital.
the children can do chores adapted to their age and ability.
the cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision.
the farmer must get up early, and, at times, work late at night.
the farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock.
the high cost of land, supplies, and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis.
the savings are not as great, however, as is sometime supposed.
the worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily.
there will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job.
this is a highly speculative venture.
this may be true whether the farm is owned or rented.
usually, the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more.
when surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up, it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm.
where schools, fire and police protection, and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country, real estate taxes are usually about the same.
you could not, of course, raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small.
you may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one.
" is this the type of citizen you desire"?
## AS THE FIRST collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage, the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps, a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ).
## BUT IF THE Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light, neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it.
## NOR DID THE Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis, both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states.
##" IT IS NOT AN individual that is in the dock at this historical trial"- said Ben Gurion," and not the Nazi regime alone- but anti-Semitism throughout history".
Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to < all > his neighbors.
Heydrich, in opening the Conference, followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as" a complement to" previous" solutions" for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence, economic strangulation, forced emigration, and evacuation.
IN POUGHKEEPSIE, N& Y&, in 1952, a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff.
after a flood of protests, they were reinstated at the beginning of 1953.
and if it was not an individual who was in the dock, why was the Trial, as we shall observe later, all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a" fiend"?
as such, it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a" message".
at any rate, the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS, and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews, his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent.
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract, theological way, like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things.
but if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned, the press seems to have missed it.
but in either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by Ben Gurion and set forth in the indictment.
but there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York.
but though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt, the Prosecutor, more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one, would have none of it.
but what could the Eichmann Trial initiate?
certainly, one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon.
clinging to the enemy-Jew idea, he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness;
do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations, splitting apart individuals and groups, arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses, pulverizing trust and personal dignity, and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes?
finally, if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism, how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters- i&e&, Germany, Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity- Denmark, Holland, Italy, Bulgaria, France?
how could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews < without being an anti-Semite > contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism?
if anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem, why was it not identified, and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press, in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs, as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany, as well as in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary?
in each of the last, the trial < marked the beginning of a new course: > in Moscow the liquidation of the Old Bolsheviks and the tightening of Stalin's dictatorship;
in other words, the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life, and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective, as a readiness for murder.
in regard to Eichmann, it was to be found in the Nazi outlook, which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism, a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent.
in such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument.
in the United States the initiation of militant anti-Communism, with the repentant ex-Communist in the vanguard.
interruptions came largely from the bench, which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on, though it, too, made no serious effort to choke off the flow.
it is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe.
it is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable;
it might be contended, of course, that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism.
it was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection, and of refining the recollection, that will last as long as there are Jews.
most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions, and by reports, memoirs, and survivors' accounts.
no doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an" innocent" dislike of Jews, as do others like them today.
not in Eichmann's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial.
not through fear of disobeying orders, as Eichmann kept trying to explain, but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal, and the more outrageous the better," Well, let 's try it".
of what new course could it mark the beginning?
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him.
one who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages.
only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin.
ought not an edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of" mere" anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings?
perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could, as Eichmann declared, feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer.
should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports?
shout at Eichmann though he might, the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism.
since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible, once the wheels had began to turn, persons controlling German industries, social institutions, and armed forces became, through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it, conscious accomplices of Hitler's crimes;
the Eichmann case looked to the past, not to the future.
the Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others.
the Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to" the germ of anti-Semitism" among the Germans which Hitler" stimulated and transformed".
the Trial should have asked the nations.
the career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization: fearful of being mistaken for a Jew, he seeks protection in his Nazi uniform;
the infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942, to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe, was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state, including the Reich Minister of the Interior, the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan, the Reich Minister of Justice, the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
the measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry, transportation, civilian agencies of government.
the real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder, and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself.
these questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case.
these trials were properly termed" political cases" in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences.
this, in fact, it turned out to be.
those who feared" emotionalism" at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr& Servatius of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies.
three agreed, but four declined and were suspended.
was n't this meaning of Eichmann's experience in various countries worth highlighting?
what more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute?
whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually.
yes, he believed that the Jews were" enemies of the Reich", and such a belief is, of course, typical of" patriotic" anti-Semites;
## On April 17, 1610, the sturdy little three-masted bark, < Discovery >, weighed anchor in St& Katherine's Pool, London, and floated down the Thames toward the sea.
## When the < Half Moon > put in at Dartmouth, England, in the fall of 1609, word of Hudson's findings leaked out, and English interest in him revived.
( later, it was to be called Hudson Strait.
) in 1602, George Waymouth, in the same little < Discovery > that Hudson now commanded, had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back.
Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway.
Philip Staffe, the ship's carpenter, was a good worker, but perversely independent.
a century of exploration had established that a great land mass, North and South America, lay between Europe and the Indies.
ahead were perilous, ice-filled waters.
all told, they offered a highly confused picture.
among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself.
an action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations, but also deemed, at certain times, to be a positive < religious duty >.
but since 1927, researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information.
but there remained one mysterious, unexplored gap, far to the north.
by springtime, he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry, Prince of Wales.
conscience and religion are concerned with private < sin: > the civil law is concerned with public < crimes >.
each time his objective had been the same- a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East.
even Hudson, experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was, must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames.
first, they wanted to clarify a tantalizing, bizarre enigma.
for all concerned with social-welfare legislation, the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear, profound and far-reaching.
for hundreds of years, the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain's fragmentary journal, ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors, ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man's desk on board, and ( 4 ) several second-hand reports.
he had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the < Discovery > and had recruited a crew of twenty-one, the largest he had ever commanded.
he named this opening, between Baffin Island and Labrador, the" Furious Overfall".
he thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth.
his chief discovery was important- the Great North ( later, the Hudson ) River- but it produced no northwest passage.
historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations.
in 1607 and 1608, the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia.
in 1609, the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson, gave him two learned geographers, fitted him out with a ship called the < Half Moon >, and supplied him with Dutch sailors.
in fact, Hudson's sail up the Great North River had disposed of one of the last hopes.
in general, the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical.
it called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives.
nearly twenty-five years before, Captain John Davis had noted, as he sailed near the Arctic Circle," a very great gulf, the water whirling and roaring, as it were the meeting of tides".
not enough to do away with all doubts, but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage.
of only one could he be sure- young John Hudson, his second son.
on previous voyages, it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain.
on the second voyage, he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will- which was obviously not the case.
on the third voyage, a near-mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the < Half Moon > had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in mid-Atlantic.
one by one, the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded.
only confusion, failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin.
repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control.
second, they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps, on American towns and counties, on a great American river, and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas.
seventeen months later, on September 6, 1611, an Irish fishing boat sighted the < Discovery > limping eastward outside Galway Bay.
she carried, besides her captain, a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America.
the board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning.
the captain was gone, and the mate was gone.
the general Protestant conviction is that motives, rather than methods, form the primary moral issue, provided the methods are limited to the prevention of conception".
the general board declared:" most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right **h.
the government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship.
the man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman.
the mate, Robert Juet, who had kept the journal on the < half Moon >, was experienced- but he was a bitter old man, ready to complain or desert at any opportunity.
the name: < Henry Hudson >.
the purpose of this fourth voyage was clear.
these questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time.
this brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation, but in the realm of conscience and religion: they are moral judgments and matters of theological belief.
this development is reflected in the action taken in February, 1961, by the general board of the National Council of Churches, the largest Protestant organization in the US.
this is the story of his last tragic voyage, as nearly as we are able- or ever, probably, will be able- to determine: the sailing in the spring of 1610 was Hudson's fourth in four years.
this time he turned westward, to the middle Atlantic coast of North America.
this viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country.
to try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment.
twice he had failed, and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again.
what determines the morality, they state, is not the < means > used, but the < motive >.
what disaster struck the < Discovery > during those seventeen months?
what happened to the fourteen missing men?
when she reached port, she was found to have on board only eight men, all near starvation.
worse, his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before.
" I have done everything", he wrote," to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment **h".
Alexander McDonnell, governor of Red River, and James Bird, a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company, ordered such" sundry articles" to a value of @4,500.
Bailly, after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821, was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse" in the Sieux Country" and reached Fort Garry, as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called, late in the fall.
Hercules L& Dousman, fur trader and merchant at Prairie du Chien, contracted to supply Selkirk's people with some 300 head of cattle, and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers.
Hudson deposed Juet and cut his pay.
Michael Butt and Adame Moore were thrown off the capstan and badly injured.
Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire.
Thomas Douglas, fifth Earl of Selkirk, a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands, conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North.
accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north, and by October, John Halkett had torn down both posts, floating the timber to" the Forks" in rafts.
activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Leavenworth from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of Prairie du Chien, until then the most advanced United States post.
after heavy rains and an onslaught of mice, snow fell on October 15, 1825, and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick.
as Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay, every incident lessened the crew's respect for him.
as the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818, the company suspected that the Pembina colony- its own post and Fort Daer- was on American territory.
as these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota, Dousman of Michilimackinac, Michigan, and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise.
at Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States, and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling.
by October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100.
despite Company threats, duly carried through, to cut off supplies of powder, ball, and thread for fishing nets, about 350 persons stayed in the village.
during the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England.
early in 1822 he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork, flour, liquor and tobacco.
for its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement.
for many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie du Chien on the Mississippi River, some 300 miles southeast of present-day St& Paul, Minnesota.
having achieved this end, he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers.
he set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States.
here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirk's barony in Scotland.
his trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts.
in 1802 Henry referred to" our new carts" as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack.
in 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at" the Forks" ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819, twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie du Chien.
in September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom, with the help of a band of Sioux, he escorted to Prairie du Chien.
in September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St& Peter's River, the head of navigation on the Mississippi, and began construction of Fort St& Anthony which, upon completion, was renamed in honor of its commander, Colonel Josiah Snelling.
it was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States.
it was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats.
it was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good.
it was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward.
just as it was being hauled inboard, a sea hit the ship.
nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food.
observing their distressing condition, Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation.
on Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River, Robert Dickson, Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada, had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces.
once, after the < Discovery > lay for a week in rough weather, Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed.
seven hundred miles south of York Factory, at" the Forks" of the Red and the Assiniboine, twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812.
since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company, he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies.
the Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders.
the anchor cable would have been lost overboard, but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it with his axe.
the disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave.
the grant, which stretched southward to Lake Traverse- the headwaters of the Red- was made in May, 1811, and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay.
the important result, however, was that Juet and Francis Clemens, the deposed boatswain, became Hudson 's sworn enemies.
the latter, members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812, had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815.
the mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818.
the new mate was Robert Bylot, talented but inexperienced.
the new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food.
the route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected.
there were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves.
thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round.
these carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun.
they reached Fort Douglas in June 1820.
they were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills.
they would attempt to bring supplies from St& Louis or Prairie du Chien at" great expense as well as danger".
this epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk @1,040.
this traffic, he declared prophetically," tho' it might be of small account at first, would increase with the progress of our Settlements **h".
thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe, Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier.
upon arriving at Baltimore, Selkirk on December 22 wrote to John Quincy Adams, Secretary of State at Washington, inquiring about laws covering trade with" Missouri and Illinois Territories".
when in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States, its British-born employees, now become American citizens- Joseph Rolette, Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly- continued in the fur business.
when late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed, all but fifty of the Scots, Swiss and < metis > moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river.
with these completed and ice gone from the St& Peter's River ( present-day Minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat, 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake, across into Lake Traverse, and down the Red.
within a few years the Scots, engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley, were joined by a group called < Meurons >.
# The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives.
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been, creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions.
2 ) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others, it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness.
I insisted on takeing the field and prevailed- thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than [ by ] Union quackery".
I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf dyer and let that orney thefin, drunkard, damed card playing Sun of a bich com to Sea you, the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion, he is too orney for hel **h.
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all **h I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of Pappies But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk".
Jackson **h runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader.
Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community.
THE POPULARITY OF FOLKLORE IN AMERICA STANDS IN DIRECT PROPORTION to the popularity of nationalism in America.
a Federal infantryman wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in Virginia:" dear Pa **h.
a Floridian stated that his officers were" not fit to tote guts to a bear".
a Massachusetts soldier, who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin, wrote:" the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks **h.
a Mississippi soldier wrote:" our General Reub Davis **h is a vain, stuck-up, illiterate ass".
a Pennsylvania soldier wrote that" they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they Looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings **h".
a heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land.
after all, the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal, economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control.
an Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles:" they thout I was a saint.
an Alabamian wrote:" col& Henry is [ an ignoramus ] fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn".
an Ohio soldier who, from a comrade just returned from leave, received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister, took pen in hand and delivered himself thus:" [ dear Sis ] Alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse **h.
and the emphasis on nationalism in America is in proportion to the growth of American influence across the world.
and these, full of homely advice, are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters.
another Yankee became so disgusted as to state:" I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against [ the other half ]".
anyone's identification with an international struggle, whether warlike or peaceful, requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement.
but fathers often addressed communications to their small children;
but he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command".
but these comments are hardly printable.
early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to retain in camp Negro" body servants" to perform the menial chores such as cooking, foraging, cleaning the quarters, shining shoes, and laundering clothes.
he is not worth shucks.
his head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment, much less a corps **h.
historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence.
i will Shute him as shore as i Sea him".
in America, such self-deception has served a particularly useful purpose.
in a similar vein, but writing from the opposite side, Thomas Taylor, a private in the 6th Alabama Volunteers, in a letter to his wife, stated:" you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty **h.
initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions.
it is an understandable paradox that most American history and most American literature is today written from an essentially egocentric and isolationistic point of view at the very time America is spreading her dominion over palm and pine.
its folklore and legend, usually disguised as history, are allowed to account for group actions, to provide a focal point for group loyalty, and to become a cohesive force for national identification.
no group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors.
nor is it an accident that baseball, growing into the national game in the last 75 years, has become a microcosm of American life, that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s, or that courses in American literature, American civilization, American anything have swept our school and college curricula.
occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond, Petersburg, Washington, or Nashville.
occasionally they would write to the slaves.
of course, nationalism has really outlived its usefulness in a country as world-oriented as ours, and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States.
on December 9, 1862, Sergeant Edwin H& Fay, an unusual Louisianan who held A&B& and M&A& degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana, wrote his wife:" I saw Pemberton and he is the most insignificant puke I ever saw **h.
one Federal soldier wrote:" the docters is no a conte **h hell will be filde with do[c]ters and offersey when this war is over".
one can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine, and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years.
owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America, these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling.
private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote:" I am well convinced in My own Mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago".
private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary:" I strolled among the Alabamans on the right **h found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect ' They Recooned as how you 'uns all would be a heap wus to we 'uns all '".
shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign, an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk:" the surgeon insisted on Sending me to the hospital for treatment.
similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers.
some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers.
some of the letters were pungently expressive.
sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners' families.
such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes.
thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun".
the Rebs were, to a Massachusetts corporal," fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey + gunpowder put into a human frame".
the attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling, from friendliness to extreme hatred.
the popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War, the steady currency of the Lincoln myth, the increased emphasis on the frontier west in our mass media are cases in point.
they get all the glory and most of the pay and do n't earn ten cents apiece on the average, the drunken rascals".
thus, if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century, we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore, nationalism and imperialism at the outset.
unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home.
we got to one house where there were five secessionist they brok + run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them.
went out a Skouting yesterday.
what actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred.
yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian, writer or man in the street.
" but when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times, I knew I had been framed, and withdrew almost at once".
Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in honour of Jerry O 'Connor, the proprieter of a Loop gambling house.
Landesco thought him" just a superior sort of plugugly" but he was, in fact, with his aggression and hostility, and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain, a casebook psychopath.
O 'Banion accepted his platinum watch and the tributes to his loyalty, and proceeded with the bigger and better Republican deal.
O 'Banion was a complex and frightening man, whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others'.
O 'Banion was born in poverty, the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer, in the North Side's Little Hell, close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner.
O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909, at seventeen, when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary;
Pasley continued:" they became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928-29".
a&" O 'Banion, in his pistol pocket".
as part of the same arrangement, Torrio had, in the spirit of peace and good will, and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign, bestowed upon O 'Banion a third share in the Hawthorne Smoke Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade.
as promptly as Torrio, O 'Banion jumped into bootlegging.
at the age of ten, when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop, he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg.
because of this he was known as Gimpy ( but, as with Capone and his nickname of Scarface, never in his presence ).
but as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that O 'Banion was being wooed by the opposition, and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans.
but by now O'Banion's political pull was beginning to be effective.
but whose requirements?
folklore, as used by such writers, really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it.
he carried three guns- one in the right trouser pocket, one under his left armpit, one in the left outside coat pocket- and was equally lethal with both hands.
he conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians, but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money.
he divided humanity into" right guys" and" wrong guys", and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under.
he had a round, frank Irish face, creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body.
he had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father O 'Brien.
he had no apparent comprehension of morality;
he had what was described by a psychologist as a" sunny brutality".
he killed accurately, freely, and dispassionately.
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood, and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving, police-dodging, and housebreaking.
he then got a job with the Chicago < Herald-Examiner > as a circulation slugger, a rough fighter employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors.
he walked with a heavy list to the right, as that leg was four inches shorter than the other, but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns.
he was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman, and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary, later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac, but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor.
he was also at this time, although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as Torrio and Capone, the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld, the roughneck king.
he was also personally active in ward politics, and by 1924 O 'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state:" I always deliver my borough as per requirements".
he was an expert florist, tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths.
however, this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever.
in fact, O 'Connor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $2500 diamond stickpin.
in fact, there is much evidence to indicate they do n't care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional, ethnic and occupational limits.
in his teens O 'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGovern's Cafe, a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street, where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out.
in the past year there had been too many examples of his euphoric self-confidence and self-aggrandisement for their liking.
it included the top O 'Banion men and Chief of Detectives Michael Hughes.
it was an interesting fraternisation of ex-convicts, union racketeers, ward heelers, sold-out officials, and gunmen.
like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol.
nevertheless, with a reading public that longs for the" good old days" and with an awareness of our expanding international interests, it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana, real or fake, and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk.
on Election Day- November 4- he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men, bribers, and experts in forging repeat votes.
on one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J& Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building;
on the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman, and the charge was < nolle prossed >.
the coalition was to prove inadvisable.
the folk are simply not homogeneous with respect to nation or political attitude.
the guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time.
the influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested, slum tenements among the bawdy houses, honkytonks, and sawdust saloons of his birthplace;
the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted, at a cost of $30,000 in bribes, it was estimated.
the last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works, and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon, see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass.
the police credited him with twenty-five murders but he was never brought to trial for one of them.
the reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West.
the result was a landslide for the Republican candidates.
then O 'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds.
there was a brief interruption while one of O'Banion's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip.
there was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time: q&" Who 'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards"?
this dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians, which, prior to 1924, says Pasley," had been maintained with more or less stealth", but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings, denounced by a clergyman as" Belshazzar feasts", at which" politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters, openly, in the big downtown hotels".
this further demonstration of O'Banion 's ballooning power did not please Torrio and Capone.
those were his only interludes behind bars, although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922, three for burglary and one for robbery.
to forestall any change of allegiance, the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for O 'Banion, as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay.
two years later he served another three months for assault.
unlike the Sicilians, he additionally conducted holdups, robberies, and safe-cracking expeditions, and refused to touch prostitution.
until 1924 O 'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic.
when Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers.
## The key to the world of geology is change;
Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that sardines hauled up in their nets during a tsunami have enormously swollen stomachs;
a tsunami is not a single wave but a series.
after an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground.
all of these activities are geared to a top-priority communication system, and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly.
among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was Francis P& Shepard of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, one of the world 's foremost marine geologists.
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried.
at 17:07 that afternoon ( Greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu.
at Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach.
but it is plain that a warning system, however efficient, is not enough.
but not a single human life was lost, and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000.
but when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean, they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit.
by means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations, it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific.
during a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night.
earthquakes originate as far as 400 miles below the surface, but they do not occur at greater depths.
earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break.
gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands.
he was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves.
in Hilo Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high.
in the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts, or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves.
it consists of a series of pipes and a pressure-measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface.
it turned out that the waves were not so high as in 1946.
its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami.
just as they reached the shore, the first huge wave crashed upon them.
life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man.
many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives, for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore.
nothing remains the same.
often the shifts cannot be seen, but they are there;
on November 4, 1952, an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
on some of the islands' beaches the waves came in gently;
ordinary water tides are disregarded.
reefs are left high and dry, and the beaches are covered with stranded fish.
scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon.
since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific, but only one was of any consequence.
sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface;
such equipment has been installed at Hilo, Midway, Attu and Dutch Harbor.
superstition has often blended with fact to color reports.
the civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger, and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps.
the effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized, even overemphasized.
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms, raised to the surface by the disturbance.
the highest waves, 55 feet, occurred at Pololu Valley.
the land, too, is changing, and earthquakes are daily reminders of this.
the luminosity of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the luminescent organism < Noctiluca miliaris > by the turbulence of the sea.
the moment the alarm goes off, information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu, which is the center of the warning system.
the role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening, but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster.
the third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest.
the tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander C& K& Green of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff.
the warning system immediately went into action.
the waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ), and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over.
the waves may keep coming for many hours.
the waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet.
their onrush and retreat, he reported, was accompanied by a great hissing, roaring and rattling.
there is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage.
these waves have shown that 1,800 miles below the surface a liquid core begins, and that it, in turn, has a solid inner core.
they hurled a cement barge against a freighter in Honolulu Harbor, knocked down telephone lines, marooned automobiles, flooded lawns, killed six cows.
they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come.
this center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs.
this in turn sets off an alarm, notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress.
today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated, but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them.
usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest.
we have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior, for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled.
when a second quake came, they dashed back to the beach, fearing that they might be buried under landslides.
while accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific ( Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ), the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at 23:30 Greenwich time.
within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska, Arizona and California, the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude.
" follow me".
" okay, men", he said.
## The battle of the Naktong River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off.
Brevet Major General George Armstrong Custer was the regiment's first permanent commander and, like such generals as George S& Patton and Terry de la Mesa Allen in their rise to military prominence, Custer was a believer in blood and guts warfare.
Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength.
Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight.
Chandler, looking to right and left to see how his men were faring, suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill, hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran.
Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward," Garryowen"!
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack.
I do mean, however, that < I > take them for granted, and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions.
I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident, in the sense that everyone agrees with them.
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening.
_ASSUMPTION 1._ The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity;
after years of digging, nights and weekends, he put together the big, profusely illustrated book, < Of Garryowen and Glory >, which is probably the most complete history of any military unit.
although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn, about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history, that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history, the regiment was ten years old by then.
and in particular- since this is our special responsibility- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States.
another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear.
artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds.
at 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12, they were in doubt no longer.
because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again.
burst from his throat.
but an enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated simultaneously.
but the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead.
but when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him, the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux, refused to say a harsh word against him.
during the Civil War, Custer, who achieved a brilliant record, was made brigadier general at the age of 23.
enemy reinforcements came pouring down, seeking a soft spot.
first came the cannon fodder, white-clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram.
for an instant his men hesitated, unable to believe that their lieutenant, the most popular officer in the regiment, was dead.
for nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment.
from the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape, a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus Reno.
from then on the Fighting Seventh was in the thick of the bitterest fighting in Korea.
he assembled a group of 25 men, composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation, the company clerk, supply men, cooks and drivers, and led them to the hill.
he finished the war as a major general, commanding a full division, and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U& S& Army.
he had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge.
he took one step, two, broke into a trot and then into a run.
he turned to his platoon.
he was a member of The Fighting Seventh.
he went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire.
his followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill, firing as they ran.
if they were, Walter Lippmann would be writing the same columns as George Sokolsky, and Herblock would have nothing to draw cartoons about.
it was Bob Carroll, who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of Garryowen.
many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
on his lips, his men following.
one night on the Naktong River, Mel Chandler called on that fabled < esprit de corps >.
one of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll, the young officer bucking for the Regular Army.
reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Goulding's platoon.
so filled was Mel Chandler with the spirit of Garryowen that after Korea was over, he took on the job of writing the complete history of the regiment.
take the case of Major Marcus A& Reno, who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876.
that finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun.
the Koreans fell back, but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire.
the North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies.
the first thing he knew the words" Garryowen"!
the regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side.
the troopers knew an attack was coming, but they did n't know when, and they did n't know where.
then Mel Chandler started up the hill.
then it came, against Troop H. the enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men, armed with Russian machine guns, attacked the position held by Chandler's men.
then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and, cursing, screaming and hollering" Garryowen"!
they came in waves.
they charged into the enemy like wild men.
they found it at the junction between Troops H and G, and prepared to counterattack.
they overran the 7th Cav 's forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers, over piles of their own dead.
they were followed by crack North Korean troops, who mounted one charge after another.
though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding grenade, he lived.
today he is a major- in the Regular Army.
" let 's go to the roof and see".
" let 's play hero", I said.
" please", she said," please".
" sounds exactly like last time".
#GUNFIRE SAVES THE MOON# By 7:50 the answer was plain.
#OPPORTUNITIES MISSED# What have we to show by way of counter-successes?
Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West.
Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters.
I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets.
Indonesia, in the early days of the Republic, leaned toward the West.
Latin America was once an area as" safe" for the West as Nebraska was for Nixon.
THE FIRST RATTLE of the machine guns, at 7:10 in the evening, roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear.
a restaurant posted a reminder to patrons" who became excited and left without paying their checks".
a short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve.
a traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad, and the remedy was to make all possible noise, ideally with firearms.
a woman with a small boy slipped in between them.
along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered.
amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons, I heard the thumping of mortars.
and contrary to what has been said recently, we did not wait for" outside pressures" and" world opinion" to bring down that Communist government;
and no wonder, for Vientiane, the old City of Sandalwood, had become the City of Bullet Holes.
and now, in March, all Laos suffered a state of siege.
better stay in the hotel lobby, where the walls looked good and thick.
but everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later.
but what was the story?
had the Communist-led Pathet Lao finally come this far?
hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby.
how quaint it all seemed the next day.
in almost every particular follow the Kremlin's foreign policy line.
in place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble.
in some countries the trend has gone further than others: Mexico, Panama, and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism, and there is no country- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged- where Castroism and anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause.
in the Middle East, Iraq, Syria and Egypt were, a short while ago, in the Western camp.
mortars had demolished the defense ministry and set fire to the American Embassy next door.
never mind whether the Kikiyus and the Bantus enjoyed Wilsonian self-determination: the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West.
one Latin American country, Cuba, has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast.
only in Europe have our lines remained firm- and there only on the surface.
only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power: in Guatemala.
or was it another revolt inside Vientiane?
she held out her hand to show that she had money.
the American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office.
the Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more.
the din was successful, too, for just before the moon disappeared, the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again, which meant good luck all around.
the middle-aged man said over and over," Why did I come here, why did I come here".
the strains of neutralism are running strong, notably in England, and even in Germany.
the young man spoke steadily enough, but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven.
then he was sick.
then the lights went out.
there had been an eclipse of the moon.
there was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned, but did nothing about.
there was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests.
there was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist.
this damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane, fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9-11, 1960 ).
this was my second day in Vientiane, the administrative capital of Laos, and my thoughts were none too brave.
throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death.
to my room?
today Sukarno's government is heavily besieged by avowed Communists, and for all of its" neutralist" pretensions, it is a firm ally of Soviet policy.
today it is up for grabs.
today the Nasser and Kassem governments are adamantly hostile to the West, are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel;
today, Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging, it would seem, into the Soviet orbit.
we have had opportunities- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron Curtain.
we moved decisively to effect an anti-Communist < coup d' etat >.
we served our national interests, and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery.
what had been the ambassador's suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick.
where should I go?
where was my flashlight?
" I like the tradition", a girl said.
" I like to follow the holidays when they come along.
" I want to show respect for my parents' religion" was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism.
" being Jewish gives you tremendous drive", a boy remarked.
" it means that you have to get ahead".
" our people have been used to accepting things as they found them", he said.
" we were brought up that way" was one statement which won general assent.
" where there was no road, they lived without one.
#STRINGS KEEP SOULS IN PLACE# In the village of Soukhouma, which means" Peaceful", we had a < baci >.
I was careful to keep my feet, the seat of the least worthy spirits, from pointing at anyone's head, where the worthiest spirits reside.
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings.
John said:" I have some antiseptic salve with me, but it 's too late for that".
a man has 32 souls, one for each part of the body.
and financial independence- 21 per cent.
another teen-ager remarked:" most Jews do n't believe in God, but they believe in people- in helping people".
as I see it, there 's no real difference between being Jewish, Catholic, or Protestant".
as we stepped out into the sunlight, a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand.
ask Mr& Keo".
briefly we rolled over a paved road up to Pak Song, on the cool Bolovens Plateau.
but our stumping tour of the south was n't all misery.
but you do n't have to worship in the traditional way.
crossing the 4,000-foot width of the Mekong at Champassak, on a raft with an outboard motor, we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze.
however, they were hostile to Jewish Orthodoxy, professing to believe in Judaism" but in a moderate way".
in the villages people lined up to give us flowers.
it 's to be a good person".
it had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar.
it takes place in the household, a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions- for the traveler, a wedding, a newborn child, the sick, the New Year, for any good purpose.
mr& Keo agreed.
my interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds.
nevertheless, most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple.
next he addressed himself to our souls.
now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us.
now they learn that men can change their surroundings, through their traditional village elders, without violence.
one boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews:" it 's the twentieth century, and they do n't have to wear beards".
still another boy asserted:" to be a good Jew is to do no wrong;
still another suggested that he would join a temple" for social reasons, since I 'll be living in a suburb".
that 's a big step toward a modern state.
that way they have an infirmary for $400.
the Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks, strode rapidly among the houses, joked with the local soldiery, and made a speech.
the Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood, supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines, and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song.
the candles were lighted, and we sat on split-bamboo mats among the village notables.
the most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows: to make the world a better place to live in- 30 per cent;
the preparations were elaborate: flowers, candles, incense sticks, rice wine, dozens of delicacies, and pieces of white cotton string.
the reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers' minds.
the soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping, he said, but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself.
the strings were draped around flowers in tall silver bowls ( page 261 ).
then came coconuts, eggs, and rice wine.
then we hung overboard in the water.
then we were off again.
then, one after another, the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists.
these were to be kept on, to hold in the 32 souls.
they discovered that, although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion, only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction.
this accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad.
this is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies.
those souls like to wander off, and must be called back.
to get happiness for yourself- 28 per cent;
we could see maggots moving.
we did it for three days.
we have 2,500 such projects, and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools.
when I pressed for a purely religious definition, I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety, interfaith good will, and a small residue of ethnic loyalty.
when asked how this was different from being a good Protestant, the boy answered," It 's the same thing".
with the divinities present and our souls in place, we were wished health, happiness, and power.
you can communicate in your own way.
you might say we are in the nation-building business".
" Witt House happily announces the engagement of Fran Horowitz to Erwin Schwartz of Fife House".
" almost everybody in the senior class is married", students say dogmatically.
" butter salve" or" butter ointment" was used for burns, and for bruises as well.
" female troubles" of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier;
( doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain.
) salted butter was another cure for bruises.
Brooklyn College is Marjorie Morningstar territory, as much as the Bronx or Central Park West.
Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place.
Veronica from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding, and rue was an antiseptic.
a sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings, which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the" heat".
a" chaw" of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing.
although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior-year-abroad program, a good number of students spend summers in Europe.
among the boys, there is very little bravado about drinking.
and acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years.
and the school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities, sororities, and houses ( in the House Plan Association ) that have good news to impart.
another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds, then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker.
another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke.
another swore by vinegar baths for burns, and still another recommended salted butter.
at least I have only one remedy for anything of this kind in my collection, one for hastening delayed menstruation.
bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak.
bruises, burns, cuts, etc&, occurred frequently on the frontier, and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too.
cow's milk was another cure for burns, and burns covered with gum arabic or plain mucilage healed quickly.
for galled breasts, the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste.
he showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated;
his brother ran a mile to get the father;
in 1872 there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County, and one had been in the family for 200 years.
in general, however, the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith.
it is interesting that, although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere- about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate.
later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns.
many people agreed that burns should be treated with bland oily salves or unsalted butter or lard, but one informant told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water;
my lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds;
one family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips, or, if these were not handy, plain lard.
one man, badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch, was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time.
one old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head.
one old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut, even when on a knuckle, if it was made by a rusty tool;
or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing.
or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts.
rabies were cured or prevented by" madstones" which the pioneer wore or carried.
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth, over which she poured turpentine.
tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound.
the Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models.
the Fort Lauderdale encampment for drinking is foreign to most Brooklyn College boys.
the Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here, and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion, or even in nondescript working class manner, as they are in the restrained, button-down Ivy way.
the burn oozed watery fluid for many days, and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with epsom salts.
the girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town, and eye shadow, mascara, and elaborate < bouffant > hairdos- despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel- are not unknown even in early morning classes.
the results were good, but which treatment helped is still not known.
the sufferer drinks tansy tea.
then he put a rag around the dressing to keep it in place.
there are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings, pinnings, ringings, engagements, and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity.
there are hordes of nubile young women there who, prodded by their impatient mothers, are determined to marry.
there is scarcely a scar showing.
there was no cleaning or further care, but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no scar.
these announcements are, in effect, advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts.
they would feed on its surface, leaving it clean so that it could be medically treated.
this could also be used for any other skin irritation.
this should be used frequently ( but shaken before using ).
this was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to boil;
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection.
to stop bleeding, cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds.
tobacco was common first aid.
until quite recently," sterile" maggots could be bought to apply to a wound;
when it was cool, the fat was skimmed off and bottled.
when they reached the boy, the father sliced a new plug of tobacco, put the scalp back in place, and covered the raw edges with the slices.
while nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose, not long ago a nosebleed was simply that, and treatment had little variation.
) is for the most part a recondite affair, for manifestly, if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them, the supply would dry up in no time at all.
EXCEPT FOR the wine waiter in a restaurant- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself, the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer, and the foreign shipper or < negociant > who in turn supplies him.
a good < negociant > or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards, or the best parts of them;
a really good wine waiter is, paradoxically, the guardian ( and not the purveyor ) of his cellar against the Visigoths.
a white wine, already at cool cellar temperature, may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes;
again, by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers, one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad.
all in all, though, there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking;
and certainly, in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker, the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the < Grands Crus > as a steady diet without frequent recourse to < crus > of less renown.
another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment;
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily.
as the onion decayed, so did the wart.
but again, as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt, wine should be served in a large, tulip-shaped glass, which is never filled more than half full.
but the fact remains that in most restaurants, including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon, the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered, and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal.
consequently, one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or electrically driven furnaces.
consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation-" steering ever from the known to the unknown"- are the requisites.
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal, their importance mounts.
faced, on the one hand, with an always exhaustible supply of his best wines, and on the other by a clientele usually equipped with inexhaustible pocketbooks, it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence.
fat bottles, such as Burgundies, have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props, such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood, to hold them in the proper reclining posture.
for sprains and swellings, one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief.
for those who live in a winter climate, there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow.
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district.
however, by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice, one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and, better yet, whether he has a taste for wine.
if it smells of cork, one has grounds for suspicion.
if one lives near a subway or an express parkway, the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time.
in instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity, the situation is ideal.
in this way, red wine warms of itself quite rapidly- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ), in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages.
it does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days, but in terms of months and years it is fatal.
it may be a bit cold when poured;
it may, on occasion, be anything but that.
it should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles, less fast in full bottles, slowly in Magnums- and slower yet in Tregnums, double Magnums, Jeroboams, Methuselahs, and Imperiales, respectively.
leg cramps, one person tells me, were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard.
light, especially daylight, is always bad for wine.
many people go to extreme lengths in decanting, chilling or warming, or banishing without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork.
most of them, the world over, operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries: the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise, with the burden of proof on the customer himself.
no one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this, and to give fair warning where warning is due, no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism!
now the drinking of wine ( and happily so!
one doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps.
only then, perhaps, will he reveal his jewels and his bargains.
otherwise, the cork dries and air enters to spoil it.
pains in the back of the leg and in the abdomen were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patient's waist.
prolonged vibration is also undesirable;
seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine: they age it prematurely.
some of them are very delicious indeed, and there are many good ones exported- unfortunately, along with others not so good, and worse.
sore feet by calf 's-foot, an herb from the pioneer's ubiquitous herb garden, or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved.
sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub;
the < Grands Crus > are expensive, and even doting palates tire of them.
the best rule of thumb for detecting corked wine ( provided the eye has not already spotted it ) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it: if it smells of wine, the bottle is probably all right;
the ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees, with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this, provided there are no sudden or frequent changes.
the one way to get around them- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money.
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave.
the only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire.
there is nothing < infra dig > about a good blend from a good shipper.
these are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking, for even in France virtually no one drinks the < Grands Crus > on a meal-to-meal basis.
this does give relief, as I can testify.
this invariably effaces any wine's character, and drives its fragrance underground.
this is especially true of red wines, and a practice which, though not always practicable, is well worth the effort.
this is important because, despite all the efforts of the French government, an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty, and there are many too many < negociants > who would rather turn a < sou > than amass a creditable reputation overseas.
this is the only valid, and extenuating, argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter.
though by no means an ideal procedure, a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time.
too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks, again with ill effects.
when stacking wine on its side in a bin, care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork.
wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served.
wine stored for a long time should be on its side;
wine waiters are something else again;
Giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the Negroes with consideration.
Giffen extracted one concession from William: the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient.
Giffen filed a petition for permission to emancipate four slaves ( all more than fifty years old ) with the St& Martin's Parish Police Jury.
Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants.
Giffen had already urged him to journey south, if only for a few days to clear up matters.
Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work;
Henry stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans < Courier, > shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair, and that it would reach the" Ears of the People on the Plantation, and make them restless + unhappy".
Palfrey agreed;
Palfrey had already made up his mind that he would allow the men, but not the women, to choose freely whether or not to go North for freedom.
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement.
Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement" so satisfactory to my judgment + my conscience".
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time, and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again.
Palfrey tried fruitlessly to place a Negro boy in the Hopedale Community, but he had better luck in his other attempts.
Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844.
Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas," many of whom were coarse + passionate people, much excited by what they heard of my plans".
Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes, and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66.
William's threat that under no conditions would he allow" freedom-conscious" slaves to mix with his own was not carried out, for the plantation continued in operation as before.
according to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed.
after an initial rejection, which he attributed to a" general Excitement against Abolition and Emancipation", Giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury, and got the permission without further delay.
all the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season, so that they could get in" their own little produce".
an eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway, and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free.
at Lexington, Kentucky, Palfrey consulted with Cassius M& Clay on the same subject, but with no apparent result.
but certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest.
despite Giffen's warning, Palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in Louisiana.
despite his apprehensions about his personal safety, Palfrey's reception in New Orleans was more than cordial.
during his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists.
from Cambridge, Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves.
he had a short private talk with each adult slave.
he later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the" marked attention and civility" with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him.
he proceeded with his task bravely- in his memoirs, at least- before the" passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high".
his brothers' anger caused Palfrey genuine concern, for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself: to free his slaves, and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue.
his duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April.
in New York, Lydia Maria Child welcomed him enthusiastically:" I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana, and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man".
in both cases he desired information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the North.
in fact, as the time for their departure approached, his solicitousness increased.
in rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property, Palfrey was giving up close to $7,000.
in view of these difficulties, Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana.
instead of the expected" annoyances" due to the nature of his mission, he received many calling cards and invitations from" gentlemen of mark, on whom I had no sort of claim, + have had many more invitations than I could accept".
mrs& Child, true to her word, helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named Hathaway near Canandaigua, New York.
mrs& Child, who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery, now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfrey's slaves escape to Canada some years before, but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana.
nevertheless, Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to formalize the emancipation.
news of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers, and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance.
not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the < Bashaw >.
on March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition.
on March 21, 1845 the bark < Bashaw > weighed anchor at New Orleans, while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation.
once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfrey's satisfaction, he faced a real problem in placing the freedmen in suitable homes as servants.
only one objected, but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others.
otherwise, freedom would mean removal from the state in which" as the place of their past residence from birth, or for many years, it would **h be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain".
rose, a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential, was worth $400.
she agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately.
should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier, Giffen was to provide passage at once.
slavery was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of 1780, which declared" all men are born free and equal".
the memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming antislavery years and Civil War.
the new owner at Attakapas declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement.
the plantation was sold in January, 1845, and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months' wages.
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account.
the women by remaining behind condemned their children, born and unborn, to bondage.
this group had been Palfrey's greatest worry since Anna was in bad health, and her children were too young to work for their keep.
thus twenty" black souls" were to remain ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men.
two of these were included in Palfrey's lot.
when Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey, Gorham readily assented, vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents, his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him.
when a sailing date of March, 1845 was finally established, Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship.
when the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were, of course, no longer slaves.
yet even if he could get the necessary approval, fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission.
" the attempt to save the Square's historic value", he declares," came half a century too late".
Congress had already appropriated money, and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the" marble monumentality" of government office buildings.
Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal < sang-froid >.
Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter, starting with their own front door.
Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing.
Dean Thaddeus Seymour, wearing ski clothes, was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the Carnival.
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square.
President Dickey's golden retriever, frolicking in the snow at his feet, added to the picture of masculine informality.
Secretary and Mrs& Dillon have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture, including Dolley Madison's own sofa, to furnish a room in that style.
a curator has been appointed.
a valuable pencil-and-sepia allegorical drawing of Benjamin Franklin by Jean-Honore Fragonard has been donated by the art dealer Georges Wildenstein and now hangs in the Blue Room.
and part of a fabulous collection of < vermeil > hollowware, bequeathed to the White House by the late Mrs& Margaret Thompson Biddle, has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room.
and the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend, toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke, are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia.
and these hardy travelers are not unappreciated today.
and this gives rise to an easy camaraderie probably unequaled elsewhere in the Ivy League.
but Judge Marvin Jones, senior member of the Court, is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work.
but his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence, and he must go far, even though he may go fast, for sophisticated pleasures.
but it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs& Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms.
but there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth.
by rough estimate her Committee, headed by Henry Francis Du Pont, contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats.
for example, groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River.
forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke, Dartmouth's own mountain.
he is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century, down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart.
he is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence, if he chooses to be.
her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines.
here, at the Ravine Lodge, President Dickey acts as host every year to about a hundred freshmen who are being introduced by the Dartmouth Outing Club to life on the trails.
it even affects the faculty.
later, browsing in an old issue of the < Gazette des Beaux-Arts, > she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by President James Monroe.
logically, it should be moved downtown.
more importantly, he also happens to be the brother-in-law of Sam Rayburn, Speaker of the House.
no Dartmouth man was surprised.
no one here pokes fun at manly virtues.
on delving deeper, Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as" early nondescript".
one of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of Claims, diagonally across the street from the White House.
one of the vexatious problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House.
only a few days after moving into the White House.
she must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head.
she traced it to a storage room.
since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States, the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own.
so he kissed her.
surrounded by ancient elms, the campus is spacious and beautiful.
the American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library.
the Dartmouth Skiway, at Holt's Ledge, ten miles north of the campus, has one of the best terrains in the East, ranging from novice to expert.
the Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion, as he once did.
the Dolley Madison House, Walton concluded, was scarcely worth preserving.
the First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House, to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them.
the buildings are mostly Georgian.
the men's shops on Hanover's Main Street compare favorably with those in Princeton and New Haven.
the old Belasco Theater, over which many people had grown sentimental, was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a USO Center.
the press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within.
the situation involved some political perils.
the would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment.
then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him, with instructions to work out what was best- provided it did n't pile unnecessary burdens on the President.
there were aesthetic problems as well as political.
they are hailed by the nation's press, and Smith girls throng the riverbanks at Northampton and refresh the < voyageurs > with hot soup and kisses.
they can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him, or move out to Oak Hill, where there 's a lift.
this carefree disdain for" side" cropped up again in the same television broadcast.
this is in honor of John Ledyard, class of 1773, who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days.
thus, when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival- widely recognized as the greatest, wildest, roaringest college weekend anywhere, any time- was broadcast over a national television hookup, Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb, topped off by a tam-o '-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl.
what to do about it now that he was President?
while a Senator, Kennedy had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the Belasco Theater, as well as the Dolley Madison and the Benjamin Taylor houses, all scheduled for razing.
with its coating of gold radiator paint removed- a gaucherie of some earlier tenant- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House.
woman's place is in the home: man must attend to matters of the yard.
yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union, which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country.
## Uncle John Vinnicum Morse was the immediate popular suspect.
## What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay?
Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door.
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction.
Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders, she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door, even though it was a very hot day.
Morse could have returned openly while Bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied.
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door.
Morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room, Mrs& Borden told the servant," Bridget, I want you to wash these windows today".
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed.
Morse's knowledge of what Mrs& Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there.
a few years ago, not too long before his death, Phillips revealed in a newspaper story that he had always suspected Morse of the murders.
and despite Knowlton's attempts to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum, this was not true.
and for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing, a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed.
at that time Jennings had a young law associate named Arthur S& Phillips.
fall River is not a fashionable town.
fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men.
from that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying, more than a mile away.
he could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar.
he had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm.
he knew the house fairly well, he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone.
he met nobody he knew on this walk.
he said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day, information which must have come from Lizzie.
he said he had promised Mrs& Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house.
he said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar.
he said he would have convicted" somebody".
he wrote:" the police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr& Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge.
his sudden unannounced appearance at the Borden home was strange in that he did not carry an iota of baggage with him, although he clearly intended to stay overnight, if not longer.
his unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a pear tree, with crowds already gathering in front of the building and Sawyer guarding the side door, was odd.
if he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return, he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr& Borden came home.
if police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated, she would be completely eliminated as a suspect.
if she avoided the train and hired a buggy, the stableman might have recognized her.
if this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping, she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days.
it is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle Morse.
it is known that Morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport, a town not far from Fall River.
it is possible that Morse told the woman it was 11:20, but it could have been earlier, since she did serve dinner on time.
it was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door.
it was unlocked all the time she was washing windows.
mrs& Borden would have had no reason to disbelieve him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out.
mrs& Borden would not have been alarmed if she saw Morse with an ax or hatchet in his hand.
neither had any interest in the deaths;
notice, Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden.
on the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying.
police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi.
questioned further, Morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him.
she had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed.
she said it was after she returned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs& Borden told her to wash the windows.
she would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels.
the New Bedford < Standard-Times > has reported Knowlton as saying, long after the trial, that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse, he would have convicted" somebody".
the conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police, although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made, so Morse's statement really proved nothing.
the dinner hour there was twelve noon.
the motive may have been the mysterious quarrel;
the screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while Bridget was sick in the back.
the time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs& Borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior.
the woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner.
there is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs& Borden was killed.
there was no close examination of his clothes for bloodstains, and certainly no scientific test was made of them.
there was no financial gain for Morse in the murders.
these officers found no incriminating information.
they interviewed the conductor of the streetcar Morse said he had taken, but the man did not remember Morse as a passenger.
they were a vagabond lot and considered to be shady and undesirable characters.
this was long after Morse had left the house.
we do know that Morse left the house before nine o'clock.
with Lizzie in the barn, the screen door unlocked and Bridget upstairs in her attic room, he would have had free and easy access to the house.
with the second murder over, he could have left, hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood.
" their house", writes Albert S& Flint," was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer, especially grateful to one like myself far from home".
Lecky and Stanley's < Eastern Church >.
Lucy was a lively part of the household.
Lucy's correspondence with brother Winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies.
Miss Upton and Miss Packard, as a matter of fact, had many tastes in common.
Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of Spelman graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund, and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses.
Rockefeller and Packard Halls had been renovated;
Winslow Upton after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study, accepted a position at the Harvard Observatory.
Winslow had musical talents, as had his father before him.
Winslow, as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall, used to characterize her as" our iron sister".
after all, she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888, and had been since 1891 except for one year, Associate Principal or Dean.
after correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss Giles, she came to Atlanta, in the fall of 1888, to help wherever needed, although there was then no money available to pay her a salary.
after her father's death, Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow in Washington, D&C&.
after the months in Europe, she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life.
also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in" importunately".
and after 1883, was professor of astronomy at Brown University.
and as graduates gratefully recall, she drew on her purse as well.
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal.
and ground had been broken for the superintendent's home.
and her close knowledge of individual students.
and it was Lucy Upton who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College.
and one of $2,000 under the will of Miss Celia L& Brett of Hamilton, New York, a friend from the early days.
and that the year's work had gone forward smoothly.
as a matter of fact, Albert S& Flint expressed his conviction that" her physical strength, her mental power, her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings" would have led her" to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country".
at different times he served as glee-club and choir leader and as organist.
at the Fifteenth Anniversary ( 1896 ) as already quoted, Miss Upton projected with force and eloquence the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank, with expanding and unlimited horizons.
at the meeting of the Board of Trustees, on March 3, 1910, Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President.
both had eager and inquiring minds;
both loved the out-of-doors, including mountain climbing and horseback riding.
for three years he was connected with the U&S& Naval Observatory and with the U&S& Signal Corps;
her great love of flowers and plants and birds;
her services to the School for many years were of a very high character, and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her".
her students have spoken of the exacting standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students;
here was a cause she believed in.
in 1890 when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard, it was Miss Upton who planned the trip, and" with rare executive ability" bore the brunt of" the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end".
many a student was able to remain at Spelman, only because of her unobtrusive help.
moreover, she had physical as well as mental vigor.
of her" great power of discernment";
of" her exquisiteness of dress"," her well-modulated voice that went straight to the hearts of the hearers";
she discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone.
she drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them- to make them at home in the world;
she had taught classes in botany, astronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ), geometry, and psychology.
she noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence;
she played chess with him by postcard.
she served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance.
she spoke also with deep thankfulness of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results.
she urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission.
so strenuous it was physically, with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss Upton.
such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles.
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired;
the raising of the $25,000 Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired, and the spontaneous" praise demonstration" held afterward on the campus, were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles.
the six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun, of which he was a member, took him to Colorado, Virginia, and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia.
there is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college.
there was another family interest also.
they were not sufficiently challenging however, and she resigned in 1887, to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study.
two bequests were recorded: one of $200 under the will of Mrs& Harriet A& Copp of Los Angeles;
under Miss Upton, the work of the year 1909-10 went forward without interruption.
walks laid;
what was called an" accidental meeting" with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to Spelman.
when Dr& Wallace Buttrick, wise in his judgment of people, declined to have the Science Building named for him, he wrote Miss Tapley ( April 7, 1923 )" **h If you had asked me, I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton.
while in Washington, D&C&, Lucy Upton held positions in the U&S& Census Office, and in the Pension Bureau.
who won is not revealed, but Winslow's daughter Eleanor says they got up to 1,212 words.
with the Fund in hand, the debt on the boilers had been paid;
yet they thrived on it.
" but is n't it almost impossible to get into the union"?
" he 'll have no difficulty", I was told.
" he has very good connections".
" oh, he 'll be a plumber", came the answer.
" what does he have in mind to do when he graduates"?
American chemists, seeking to increase exports of soybeans, have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia.
I asked.
I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes.
I have been using the word" vocational" as a layman would at first sight think it should be used.
I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls.
about 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals.
an excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago.
blanched peanuts, as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts, are roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off.
by and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system.
cereal grains, supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans, comprise about two-thirds or three-fourths of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa.
feeds for livestock took about one-sixth of the world's cereal crop in 1957-1958.
hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ).
he prefers to designate such schools as" general" high schools.
ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest.
in a far distant part of the United States, I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work.
in a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained.
in my view, there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city.
in spite of the shading of one type of course into another, I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses.
in the United States, where half of the world crop is grown, soybeans are processed for their edible oil.
in the city, he said, the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can n't get in.
in this respect, public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts.
in western Europe and North America, where the level of economic development is higher, grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed.
indeed, one school superintendent in a large city objects to the use of the term comprehensive high school for the senior high schools in his city, because these schools do not offer strictly vocational programs.
it is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation.
it is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment, except for a lucky few.
located in a bad slum area now undergoing redevelopment, this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students.
most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools.
most of the grain is fed to swine and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry.
of course, it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill.
one has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say," I want to be a plumber", and then, by doing good work, find a job.
one vocational instructor in a city vocational school, speaking of his course in a certain field, said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs < outside > of the city.
peanuts are the world's second most important legume.
people depend less on seeds for foods in Australia, New Zealand, and Argentina, where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle, and the consumption of meat is high.
perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule.
practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill.
rather, meat and potatoes, sugar, and dairy products are the main sources of carbohydrate, protein, oils, and fats.
similarly, a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school.
so, too, is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics.
soybean flour, grits, flakes," milk", and curd can be bought in the United States.
soybeans are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the Orient.
the neighborhood high schools are not, strictly speaking, comprehensive schools, because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school.
the physical facilities at Dunbar are impressive, but more impressive is the attitude of the pupils.
the reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community.
the residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds.
the rest is used for human food and industrial products.
the separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions.
the soybean seed is the most important leguminous food in the world.
the suburban high school, it is worth noting, also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs.
therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report.
these courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the adjective" academic".
they are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school.
they are used mainly for their oil.
they were learning trades as diverse as shoe repairing, bricklaying, carpentry, cabinet making, auto mechanics, and airplane mechanics.
those who, because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees, would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience.
to be sure, in tool-and-die work and in the building trades, the first job must be often on an apprentice basis, but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status.
today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing, as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school.
two stories will illustrate what I have in mind.
vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school" chore" for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter.
we produce peanut oil, but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed.
" dry stock" denoted, regardless of age or sex, such bovines as were givin' no milk.
## SEED CROPS hold a prominent place in the agricultural economy of the United States.
Followin' such an event there was usually a harvest of" fallen hides", and the ranchers needed skinnin' knives instead of brandin' irons.
Hereford cattle were often called" white faces", or" open-face cattle", and the old-time cowman gave the name of" hothouse stock" to them newly introduced cattle.
a" cattaloe" was a hybrid offspring of buffalo and cattle.
a" wet herd" was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows, while" wet stuff" referred to cows givin' milk.
arrack is distilled from fermented rice in India.
because Holstein cattle were n't a beef breed, they were rarely seen on a ranch, though one might be found now and then for the milk supply.
beer was brewed by the Babylonians and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago.
beer, generally fermented from barley, is an old alcoholic beverage.
beverages are made from seeds the world over.
brewers today use corn, rice, and malted barley.
but when a large number were" bunched up" or" banded up", and marched away from their home range, as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a" drift".
cattle brought into a range from a distance were called" immigrants".
cattle drove to the northern ranges and held for two winters to mature 'em into prime beef were said to be" double wintered".
cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted.
cattle were said to be" potted" when" blizzard choked", that is, caught in a corner or a draw, or against a" drift fence" durin' a storm.
cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the" winter kill".
cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over.
cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry.
cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages.
cereal grains, oilseeds, and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised.
cocoa, chocolate, and cocoa butter come from the ground seeds of the cacao tree.
coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree.
distillers use corn, malt, wheat, grain sorghum, and rye in making beverage alcohol.
drifts usually happened only with cattle, for hosses had 'nough sense to avoid 'em, and to find shelter for 'emselves.
drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds, but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought, or as an aftermath of a stampede.
each year millions of pounds of anise, caraway, mustard, celery, and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported.
hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed.
it is a main flavoring for halvah, the candy of the Middle East.
less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom.
more than 11 thousand business establishments in the United States were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954.
not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products.
per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States.
seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain, baking, crushing oilseed, refining edible oil, brewing, distilling, and mixing feed.
seeds furnish about 40 percent of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock.
sesame seed, which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt, Brazil, and Central America, has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds.
sesame sticks, a snack dip, originated in the Southwest.
several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts, the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America.
single-seeded dry fruits used for flavoring include several of the carrot family, such as cumin, dill, fennel, and angelica.
such marchin' in wholesale numbers was called a" drift", or" winter drift", and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range.
that became their" home range".
the Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain.
the cowboy called this breed of cattle" magpies".
the cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals.
the economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater, because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn, oats, barley, and sorghum- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed, cottonseed, and soybeans- through conversion to poultry, meat, and dairy products.
the farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes, including the cereals, is nearly 10 billion dollars a year.
the single animal or a small bunch were referred to as" strays";
the value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars, of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes.
the wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards, and sometimes droughts, over a wide range of territory was called a" die-up".
them new to the country were referred to as" pilgrims".
these became" strays", the term bein' restricted to cattle, however, as hosses, under like circumstances, were spoken of as" stray hosses", not merely" strays".
this term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human showin' fight, as one cowhand was heard to say," He arches his back like a mule in a hailstorm".
this word was first applied to the imported hot-blooded cattle, but later was more commonly used as reference to a human tenderfoot.
to hold 'em in a compact mass was" close herdin '".
to hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called" locatin'" 'em.
to keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called" loose herdin '".
when cattle in winter stopped and humped their backs up they were said to" bow up".
white pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit.
world production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ).
world production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons.
yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out, seekin' grass and water.
you could n't stop 'em;
you had to go with 'em or wait till the storm was over, and follow.
" light it"!
" not yet", cautioned Ulyate.
" that 's the Colonel", he said," But I can n't see the dogs".
" that will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are".
## Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef.
( in the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso.
) she snarled terribly but intuition told him, again, that she was bluffing, and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs.
IT WAS JOHN who found the lion tracks.
Jones came toward them fast, now, along the southern toe of the Reef, and the dogs could be heard plainly, Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others.
Jones then recoiled his rope and threw again, this time hitting her on the back but failing to encircle her.
Jones was galloping close behind them leaning down, cheering them on.
Kearton and Ulyate had started the day together while Jones followed the dogs, and Means and Loveless had taken another route, and now, with the discovery of the fresh trail still unknown to him, Ulyate reined in, in the shadow of the Reef and pointed.
Kearton and Ulyate looked at each other and began to gallop toward the sound.
Kearton focussed his field glasses.
Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party.
Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion, till they came, out of breath, to the crest, and peering through the branches of a bush, this is what Ulyate saw: Jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside, sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness, who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him, while the dogs whirled around her.
Ulyate drew back with a start, and put finger to lips, almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off," The dogs have got her bayed **h.
Ulyate said, and Kearton touched a match to the pile of grass, blew on it and flame licked out.
a motley pack, chosen for effectiveness, not beauty.
although she appeared more subdued and defeated, Jones knew she was growing more dangerous.
and he has n't even got a knife on him.
and when they had drawn back a step he added:" Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her.
as they watched, Jones rode straight for the Reef.
at the base of the rocky hillside, they left their horses and climbed on foot.
at this moment, Loveless and Means arrived, crashing through the undergrowth with their horses, and distracted her, and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a crevice between two rocks.
but John nipped her rear end- one lion's rear end was as good as another to John, Africa, Arizona no matter- and she changed ends and took a swipe at John, but he ducked back.
but now she sank lower to the rock.
careful, do n't disturb her".
even then, if she took one step forward he could catch her.
eventually herdin' the hosses was spoken of as" hoss rustlin'", and the wrangler was called the" hoss rustler".
from the lioness' point of view, this strange creature on the back of another creature, lashing out with its long thin paw, very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with.
he could n't get away from her in this kind of ground **h.
he found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before, and he circled once, nose to the ground, hair shooting up along his back, as it did when he was after lion or bear, and then he lifted his head and bayed, and the pack joined in, all heads high, and Jones knew it was a hot trail.
he moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her, being careful, because he knew the female is less predictable than the male.
he stifled the Comanche yell and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black volcanic mountain.
he threw green stuff on it, and a thin blue column of smoke rose.
he threw the lasso.
her roar changed to a growl.
her tail no longer lashed.
hyena?
intuition told him, however, that she was tired and winded from the run up the Reef and would not charge, yet.
it came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away.
it was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock.
just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched, and she was treading lightly up and down with her hind feet.
later, the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief, startin' from the days of the maverick when cowhands were paid by their employers to" get out and rustle a few mavericks".
nice country to meet a lion in face to face.
of the thirty-four, seventeen had been killed by lions, and eleven out of the seventeen by lionesses.
on the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly.
she 's just the other side of that bush"!
she was rested and could mount a charge.
she was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared, opening her mouth wide, lashing her tail, and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation, as much as to say:" how dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct"?
she whirled and faced him, roaring terribly, and Ulyate, watching through the leaves, could not understand why she did not charge and obliterate him, because he would n't have much of a chance of getting away, in that thick growth, but she seemed just a trace uncertain;
the dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded Old John.
the dogs were working a trail- lion?
the pack had made a bend to the north, swinging back toward the Reef, and Kearton and Ulyate could hear them faintly.
the route was choked with rugged lava-rocks, creepers and bushes, so thickly overgrown that when Kearton lost sight of Ulyate and called, Ulyate answered from ten feet away.
then the heavy roar of a lion.
then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying.
then they picked up the smaller black specks on the plain in front of him.
there was Sounder, too, also a veteran of the North Rim, and Rastus and the Rake from a pack of English fox-hounds, and a collie from a London pound, and Simba, a terrier **h.
this mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost perpendicularly for about two hundred feet, honeycombed with caves, top covered with dense scrub and creepers and tall grass.
two quick shots sounded.
while Jones, on the other hand, appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer.
why she does n't charge him, I do n't know.
#DIVERGENT PERSPECTIVES# A little parable illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by Professor Bela Vasady at the end of the Second World War.
#THE ECUMENICAL CONGREGATION# The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community.
> what is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social chumminess of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes.
and this is what all too often happens.
as Dietrich Bonho^ffer puts it," Our community with one another consists solely in what Christ has done to both of us".
as a result, they go on thinking of the church, with introverted and self-centered satisfaction, only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families.
as long as this point of view prevails, the ecumenical movement will be lame and halt.
as things now stand, there is a grievous disparity between the unity in Christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the complacent separateness of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation.
as things stand now, the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other.
but the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life.
each viewpoint is valid if it is organically related to the other.
he often spoke of them as his" ecumenical" glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church.
he raced by within twenty feet of her, roped her around the neck, but a lioness' neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the noose off.
her concern for the natives of Borrioboola-Gha was so intense that she quite forgot and neglected her son Peepy!
how far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by < koinonia!
however needed this may be, the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world.
it has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be" carried down to the grass roots".
it implies two misconceptions.
it is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate indwelling of Christ in His people.
it is eminently successful according to all conventional standards.
it is growing in numbers.
it is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
it is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical.
it is here that the local and ecumenical must meet.
it is, he said, a bifocal vision, which can see both the near-at-hand and the distant and keep a Christian in right relation to both.
it would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most churches- whether in terms of finance or spiritual concern- is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members.
its people are agreeable friends.
likewise, the ecumenist may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in East Germany, the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary China, and the anguish of the church over apartheid in South Africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its unspectacular but indispensable ministry of worship, pastoral service and counseling, and Christian nurture for a face-to-face group of individuals.
most pastors and laymen, even though they believe it to be important, assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their parishes.
most people do not realize that the congregation, as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face, personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another, is unique.
neither is adequate if it stands alone.
of course, the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place.
on the one hand, there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town.
on the other hand, many a pastor is so absorbed in ministering to the intimate, personal needs of individuals in his congregation that he does little or nothing to lead them into a sense of social responsibility and world mission.
one is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at" the top" and needs only to be understood at the so-called" lower levels".
our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other.
progress will take place far less through what is done in any" summit conference" of the National Council or the World Council, or even in offices of the denominational boards, than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors.
the < koinonia > of Acts and of the Epistles means sharing in a common relation to Christ.
the Christian education of children, too, was once hardly more than a sideshow, but the day came when a congregation that did not assume full oversight of a church school was thought of as failing in its duty.
the Jewish synagogue affords a parallel to the Christian congregation, but Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam, Confucianism, Taoism, Shintoism, although they have sacred scriptures, priests, spiritual disciplines, and places of prayer, do not have a congregation as a local household of faith and love.
the antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists.
the basic unit in the church, of whatever denominational polity, is always the congregation.
the decisive question is what happens < within > each congregation and, finally, in the minds and hearts of the individual members.
the front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side.
the gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs.
the idea that it is a feature of all religions is entirely mistaken.
the local and the ecumenical are one.
the missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies.
the most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few interdenominational executives.
the next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community.
the other misconception is that our ecumenical problems will be solved if only the knowledge of the church in its world-wide extension and its interdenominational connections, now comprehended by many national leaders, can be communicated to all congregations.
the parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world.
the truth, however, is that the ecumenical church < is > just the local church in its own true character as an integral unit of the whole People of God throughout the world.
their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship.
there is a vast difference between the community of reconciliation which the New Testament describes and the community of congeniality found in the average church building.
they do not escape the pitfall into which Charles Dickens pictured Mrs& Jellyby as falling.
they may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the" ecclesiastical Rover Boys", as someone has dubbed them, who like to go to national and international assemblies, and have expense accounts that permit them to do so.
they were bifocals.
this may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom, on the level of merely human agreeableness, we might prefer not to have any association at all.
this way of describing the matter is unfortunate.
until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes, programs, and relationships, it will have an inevitable aspect of unreality.
when he had the mishap of breaking his spectacles, his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones.
whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church, in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world, a necessary foundation-stone of the ecumenical movement has been laid.
with great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Provisional Committee for the World Council of Churches.
< another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs& work-paralysis >.
< the adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs& time diffusion >.
< the adolescent experiences two closely related crises: self-certainty vs& an identity consciousness;
Babe Ruth, as he always did in the Stadium, played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes, and Tommy Thevenow, a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St& Louis Cardinals, knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers, where Ruth could not reach it.
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire.
Erikson has noted that, as this indecision mounts, it may result in a" paralysis of workmanship".
Erikson has noted that, unless this trust developed early, the time ambivalence experienced, in varying degree and temporarily, by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood, while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion.
Ruth himself, still owning his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the wrappers, had led the parade down from Fenway Park, followed by pitchers Carl Mays, Leslie" Joe" Bush, Waite Hoyt, Herb Pennock, and Sam Jones, catcher Wally Schang, third baseman Joe Dugan ( who completed the" playboy trio" of Ruth, Dugan, and Hoyt ), and shortstop Everett Scott.
a sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles, or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to peer-group conformity, is more easily developed during adolescence if, during early childhood, the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy.
and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity, sensitivity, and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable, will be compounded.
and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents, who already consider one different and difficult to understand, than by one's peers, who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status.
and role-experimentation vs& negative identity >.
and whether to attend this or that college and to follow this or that course of study.
and while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black Sox- all of them top performers in their positions- had toiled for stingy Charles Comiskey at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year, stars now were asking ten thousand dollars, twenty thousand dollars, yes, even fifty thousand dollars a season.
and women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying < not > to let the batter hit the ball.
and, as shown in Chapter 6,, some SNP females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence, through the aid of, and their identification with, alter-parents.
but there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall.
but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be supplemented with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self.
but, as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over," not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me", so little Tommy ran all the way home.
by 1926, when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest, only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest, even beside able and agile rookies like Tony Lazzeri ( who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field ), Mark Koenig, Lou Gehrig, George Pipgras, and gray-thatched Earl Combs.
experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately.
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball, just as every male American in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists.
for many of these unwed mothers, the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general.
her ostensible indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations, in her adolescence, of her having been indoctrinated in childhood to feel shame, if not guilt, for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to, and judged by, the performance of her nursery- and elementary-school peer friends.
however, as Erickson has noted, the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence.
however, if the child has been constantly surrounded, during nursery and early school age, by peer groups;
hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age, Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises.
if she has not had such experiences, the female's normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded.
in some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced, and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring.
in the specific case of time diffusion, we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust < when it is combined with > the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society, and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust.
inculcated with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards;
many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a justifiable means of gaining acceptance from and identification with others;
others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future.
our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson, but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers.
our discussion of this involves using Erik Erikson's schema of" identity < vs& > identity diffusion" as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family configurations of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier.
promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy speculators, and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance.
radio broadcasts, however- now that even plain people could afford" loud speakers" on their sets- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones, chiefly women, who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition, became first inured, then attracted, then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park.
radio, however, so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have" Ladies' Days" any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home.
she may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives- e&g&, whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker;
some of these mothers, apparently feeling a desperate urgency, made, on the spur of the moment, commitments, in love and sex, that would have life-long consequences.
the adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy, initiative, and self-discipline during childhood.
the attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter 2,, revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty.
the ball lay there, shining white on the grass in view of nearly every fan in the park while Ruth, red-necked with frustration, charged about the small patch of ground screaming," Where 's the -ing ball"?
the deeds of this team, through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed, have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said.
the developmental process involves the individual 's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks, having kept commitments, and having created something ( however small or simple- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design" it ought to be" ).
the greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees, bought by brewery millions and made into a ball club by men named Ed Barrow and Miller Huggins.
the ordinary man and woman, however, saw little of the great professional games of those Golden Days, or of any other sporting event for that matter.
the questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy, as were the doings of women automobile drivers;
the radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative, despite the baseball jargon, that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school.
the successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an epigenetic principle- during adolescence, the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis depend, to a considerable degree, on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his infancy, childhood, and early adolescence.
these childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs, for experimenting with many roles, and for the < freedom to fail sometimes > in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities.
these polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier chapters.
this conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both premarital chastity as the" ideal", and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal.
this had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies, some of which began to offer special excursion rates, including seats at the park, just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new.
this paralysis may be expressed in the female's starting- and never completing- many jobs, tasks, and courses of study;
time perspective- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives- is more easily developed if, from infancy on, the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives.
to be different is to invite shame and doubt;
we hope thereby to emphasize that, from a psychological standpoint, the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence.
whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school;
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school;
while fifty years before, Albert Goodwill Spalding, secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League, could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August, in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate.
while women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a" dead game sport" in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root, root, root for the home team ), they had often sat in patient martyrdom, unable even to read the scoreboard, which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one.
within Erikson's schema, the adolescent's delinquent behavior- in this case, her unwed motherhood- reflects her" identity diffusion", or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively.
women actually began to appear unaccompanied in the stands, where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a tobacco-juice stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears.
" I am satisfied that in the Selden case had this power existed and this course [ been ] pursued, it would have shortened the depositions of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses thereto more than that".
" it is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned", said a trade authority," than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system, which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day".
" my personal view is that not one patented invention in ten is worth making", he later told a Congressional committee.
" purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view", commented a trade journal," the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business, instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation".
#3# Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912, the A&L&A&M& was succeeded by the Automobile Board of Trade, the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association.
Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke + Marmon Company, an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904.
Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking depositions before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony.
Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony.
a little farther along the road you come to the { Church of Santa Sabina, } called the" Pearl of the Aventine".
after the demise of the A&L&A&M&, the time was propitious for establishing such a pool.
anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry, Hanch went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A&L&A&M& members for an industry-wide patent-sharing plan.
as early as 1900 a Wall Street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of exacting heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers.
at this point Charles C& Hanch, long an advocate of patent peace in the industry, became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce, successor to the Automobile Board of Trade.
but Henry Ford used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and, in 1905, as a precautionary measure, took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor.
by 1910 the courts were crowded with cases, many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions.
by that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information.
continue another hundred yards to the { Piazza of the Knights of Malta.
drawn up in 1914, the cross-licensing agreement became effective in 1915.
for those affiliated with it, the A&L&A&M& pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900.
from the earliest days of the motor car industry, before the A&L&A&M& was established, patent infringement loomed as a serious and vexing problem.
he had first-hand knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the mid-1890's.
he was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value.
if you look through the keyhole, you will see an artistically landscaped garden with the white dome of St& Peter 's framed in a long avenue of cropped laurel trees.
in 1912 the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1, 1913.
in the end Hough's acidulous protest, which Parker called the" now somewhat famous note on this ' Selden ' case", did not go unheeded.
in this tangle of conflicting claims, the patent-sharing scheme adopted by the A&L&A&M& at its founding proved to be the best device for avoiding or mitigating the burdens of incessant litigation.
it remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925.
it was commonplace for auto makers, parts-suppliers, and dealers to find warning notices and threats of infringement suits in their daily mail.
it will be recalled that in his summation for the A&L&A&M& before Judge Hough, Fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community.
its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy and its aftermath.
its positive features outweighed the fact that the pool was an adjunct of a wouldbe monopoly.
many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories, among them tires, detachable rims, ball bearings, license brackets, and electric horns.
most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents.
nevertheless, it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade.
occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications.
oleanders, cypress, and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section.
one manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said:" I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device, but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits".
one of the A&L&A&M& lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure, the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes," at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone, could have been contained in one volume".
one of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement, a milestone in the development of American industrial cooperation.
one of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A&L&A&M& members.
other expeditious methods are designed to prevent prolixity, limit delays, and reduce the expense of infringement suits.
retrace your steps a few yards on the Via di Santa Sabina and turn right on the { Via di S& Alessio, } a street lined with stately homes.
since the A&L&A&M& holdings embraced only about twenty-five per cent of motor vehicle patents, the denial of rights to independent companies did not retard technical progress in unlicensed sectors of the industry.
the breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal, but Hanch did not abandon his scheme.
the eloquent persuasions of Fish guaranteed the adoption of the plan by the members of the automotive trade association.
the fluidity and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims.
the highly important Dyer patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the A&L&A&M& pool.
the interchange of shop licenses for a nominal royalty eliminated infringement suits among the members of the A&L&A&M& patent pool ( although it did not protect them against outside actions ) and kept open channels for the cross-fertilization of automotive technology.
the massive { gate } of the Maltese villa affords one of the most extraordinary views in Rome.
the most important of these found him in agreement with Hough's plea for reform.
the plan was supported by Frederick P& Fish, counsel for the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce.
the prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee:" the exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions, including delays surrounding legal disputes, particularly in patent litigation, are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste".
the revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform.
the taking of depositions, he suggested, should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony.
the trade bodies which came in the wake of the A&L&A&M& were more representative, for they never adopted a policy of exclusion.
there is little doubt that they were promulgated by the Supreme Court as a direct result of the Selden patent suit.
this scheme failed, and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912.
turn left a block or so before the street ends, and then turn right down the Via di Santa Prisca to the { Viale Aventino.
under the new rules, testimony is taken orally in open court in all cases except those of an extraordinary character.
while patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation, these rules have saved litigants uncounted sums of money.
with the other members of the patents committee- Wilfred C& Leland, Howard E& Coffin, Windsor T& White, and W& H& Vandervoort- Hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of royalty-free licensing was his own contribution.
within its limits, this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a cross-licensing agreement.
} here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city.
} on the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments.
( along the way there, about one hundred yards on your right, you pass a simple restaurant, { La Sacrestia, } where you can have the best pizza in Rome.
( and this is not, perhaps, the place to discuss Harlem 's very complex attitude toward black policemen, nor the reasons, according to Harlem, that they are nearly all downtown.
) it is hard, on the other hand, to blame the policeman, blank, good-natured, thoughtless, and insuperably innocent, for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves.
) the curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set.
< Negroes want to be treated like men: > a perfectly straightforward statement, containing only seven words.
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once.
I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South.
I tried to explain what < has > happened, unfailingly, whenever a significant body of Negroes move North.
_TO THE SPANISH STEPS_ The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch, so that you will reach the { Pincian Hill } when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best.
a kind of panic paralyzes their features, as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place.
and he asked me in perfect innocence," Why do n't all the Negroes in the South move North"?
and he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company: the people who are watching him know why, too.
and so do the prostitutes.
and these days, of course, in terms increasingly vivid and jubilant, it speaks of the end of that domination.
and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a" turf".
any street meeting, sacred or secular, which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination.
as you leave the Pantheon, take the narrow street to the right, the Via del Seminario, a block to { Sant' Ignazio, } one of the most splendid baroque churches in the city.
as you pause in the piazza by the Egyptian obelisk brought from the Temple of Isis, you will admire the Pantheon's impressive Corinthian columns.
before the dust has settled or the blood congealed, editorials, speeches, and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land, demanding to know what happened.
but inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto.
either here, or in one of the modest restaurants nearby, is just the place to end this first walk through the heart of Rome.
even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination, something must seep in.
he becomes more callous, the population becomes more hostile, the situation grows more tense, and the police force is increased.
he can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction: into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature.
he cannot avoid observing that some of the children, in spite of their color, remind him of children he has known and loved, perhaps even of his own children.
he has never, himself, done anything for which to be hated- which of us has?- and yet he is facing, daily and nightly, people who would gladly see him dead, and he knows it.
he is not prepared for it- naturally, nobody is- and, what is possibly much more to the point, he is exposed, as few white people are, to the anguish of the black people around him.
he knows that he certainly does not want < his > children living this way.
he moves through Harlem, therefore, like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country;
he, too, believes in good intentions and is astounded and offended when they are not taken for the deed.
here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives.
horse races took place here in the Middle Ages.
if you have taken this stroll in the morning, and you have the time and inclination, walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries- in the { Palazzo Doria } ( open Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday, 10:00-1:00 ).
it was dedicated as a church in the seventh century.
its { rotunda } forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling.
my recital disturbed him and made him indignant;
one block along the Via de Burro ( in front of the church ) will bring you to the { Stock Exchange } in the old { Temple of Neptune.
one day, to everyone's astonishment, someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up.
otherwise, cross over the Corso and walk a block or so to the left.
people who have mastered Kant, Hegel, Shakespeare, Marx, Freud, and the Bible find this statement utterly impenetrable.
rare, indeed, is the Harlem citizen, from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent, who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence, injustice, or brutality.
the Pantheon's interior, still in its original form, is truly majestic and an architectural triumph.
the businessmen and racketeers also have a story.
the idea seems to threaten profound, barely conscious assumptions.
the landlords make a tidy profit by raising the rent, chopping up the rooms, and all but dispensing with the upkeep;
the only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous { dome.
the pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand, and this expansion is always violent.
the white people fall back bitterly before the black horde;
the white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world.
there is no way for him not to know it: there are few things under heaven more unnerving than the silent, accumulating contempt and hatred of a people.
they do not escape Jim Crow: they merely encounter another, not-less-deadly variety.
they do not move to Chicago, they move to the South Side;
they do not move to New York, they move to Harlem.
this circular edifice, constructed by Agrippa in B&C& 27, was rebuilt in its present shape by the Emperor Hadrian.
this is one of the most charming little squares in this part of Rome.
this is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands- and the bitterness thus caused is, as I write, being fought out all up and down those streets.
what happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men.
which is precisely what, and where, he is, and is the reason he walks in twos and threes.
white people hold the line as long as they can, and in as many ways as they can, from verbal intimidation to physical violence.
you are now at the { Corso, } though narrow, one of Rome's busiest streets.
you will come to { Alemagna, } a delightful, though moderately expensive restaurant, which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice creams and patisseries.
} a few yards farther, on the Via dei Bergamaschi, is the { Piazza Colonna.
} standing before the tomb of Raphael, the great genius of the Renaissance, when shafts of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple, you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome.
} the great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
#NARRATIVE TIME AND FILM TIME# Melies, however, out of his professional instincts as a magician, discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film.
< the Great Train Robbery > is a one-reel film.
a band of robbers enters a railroad station, overpowers and ties up the telegraph operator, holds up the train and escapes.
a posse is formed and pursues the robbers, who, having made their escape, are whooping it up with some wild, wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out.
all this is simple enough, but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before.
almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly < of > the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time.
an early Edison production was < The Execution of Mary, Queen of Scots >.
an early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage.
as a finale is appended a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience.
as long as audiences came to see the movement, there seemed little reason to adventure further.
as the first scene begins to fade, the succeeding scene begins to appear.
brief snips of actual events were shown: parades, dances, street scenes.
cutting, of course, takes place automatically in the creation of a film.
despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries, art films, and travelogues, despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama, the movies are at heart a form of fiction, like the play, the novel, or the short story.
each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen, at the rate, for silent movies, of 16 frames per second, and, for sound films, 24 frames per second.
each scene is shot straight through, as had been the universal custom, from a camera fixed in a single position, but in the outdoor scenes, especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws, Porter's camera position breaks, necessarily, with the camera position standard until then, which had been, roughly, that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play.
end of film.
for a moment or two, both scenes are present simultaneously, one growing weaker, one growing stronger.
he did more than that.
he revealed the potential value of the" cut" as the basic technique in the art of the film.
if the change, at first sight, seems minor, we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change, and the Italian painters, by universal consent, were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen.
if, as a home movie maker, you shoot the inevitable footage of your child taking its first steps, you have merely recorded an historical event.
if, in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends, you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event, you have begun to be an artist in film;
immediately, the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time.
in a series of fairy tales and fantasies, Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story, with beginning, middle and end, complications, resolutions, climaxes, and conclusions.
in narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
in response, the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day.
in that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device.
in the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom, and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the simple-minded, one-minute shows.
it is also the rate of photographing.
it was Porter, however, who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued.
linking the smoothly changing images together, the eye itself endows them with the illusion of movement.
moreover, the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature.
motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square.
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it- good guys and bad guys in the old West- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's.
now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative, which is, at its simplest, the story of an action with, usually, a beginning, a middle, and an end- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence.
of the two, Porter is justly the better known, for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film, toward making the motion picture the intricate, efficient time machine that it has remained since, even in the most inept hands.
one of these is the" dissolve", which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene.
one reel- from eight to twelve minutes- became the standard length from the year of < Robbery >, 1903, until Griffith shattered that limit forever with < Birth of a Nation > in 1915.
overnight, for one thing, Porter's film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten.
physically, a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye" remembers" the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing.
so is the time of the novel.
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo.
the discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men, a French magician, Georges Melies, and an American employee of Edison, Edwin S& Porter.
the drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time, but the time is fixed by the director and the players, the conductor and the instrumentalists, subject, therefore, to much variation, as record collectors well know.
the film consists of a series of still, transparent photographs, or" frames", 35-mm&-wide.
the head dropped off;
the headsman swung his axe;
the material of the Porter film is simplicity itself;
the meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with.
the movie was < The Great Train Robbery > and its effects on the young industry and art were all but incalculable.
the physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence, and the cut edge is joined physically, by cement, to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence.
the plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen.
the reel itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies.
the robbers run from the hide-out, take cover in a wooded declivity, and are shot dead by the posse.
the sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity: a train rushes straight at the audience, or a great wave threatens to break over the seats.
the time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely.
the unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold;
the" moving" picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is, to be sure, more intense than a still picture of the same subject, but the difference is really one of degree;
the" projection" time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective, varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions.
this discovery of Melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling, magician's tricks produced on film.
this is the rate of projection;
thus such great American documentaries as < The River > and < The Plow That Broke the Plains > were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures.
time is built into the motion picture, which cannot exist without time.
" fellowship by likeness" and" mission by friendly contact" form the iron cage of denominational religion.
( co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy;
) in a mobile society, congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment;
Negroes, Puerto Ricans, and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities.
an understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity.
association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations.
attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches;
churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration;
consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests.
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood.
economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation.
evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches;
if we add to these contacts with friendly members the" contacts with an organization of the church" ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ), then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact.
in a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly, since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation.
in a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches, almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial" contacts with friendly members".
in general, friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches, making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church;
it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization.
it could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes.
it could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity, since worship presupposes some local stabilities.
it now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture, for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings.
it was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings.
its contents are another matter, for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation.
mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community, because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion.
missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods;
more than creatures of metropolitan forces, the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life, crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples, giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples.
nonetheless, the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development.
on the surface, this seems a sound approach to Christian mission: members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people;
once the pool of recruits diminishes, the congregation is helpless- friendly contacts no longer keep it going.
one study in Pittsburgh, however, has illuminated the situation.
publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members.
residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions.
since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life, the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate, rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis.
soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs, and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century.
the accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations.
the company disposed of the pelts, but with what profit, the records do not show.
the concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded, and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships.
the directors sold directly to concessionaires, who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company.
the expense of this type of organization in religious life, when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned, raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society;
the fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance.
the identification of the basic unit of religious organization- the parish or congregation- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis, for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation.
the inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together;
the keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem.
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation.
the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position;
the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation;
the motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized;
the new people respond in kind by joining the church.
the outer life of congregations- the suitability of the environment to their survival- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership.
the perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need.
the proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ).
the schism between central city and suburb, Negro and White, blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis.
the transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities, worship, preaching, and publicity in reaching new members.
therefore, the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation- like elements will have to be assimilated.
these concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through < engages >, who might be < habitants, voyageurs >, or even soldiers.
these trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis.
these values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman, dictating the methods of child rearing, determining the pattern of community participation, setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness, and informing the congregational life of the major denominations.
this conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment.
this interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches.
this means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community, picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation;
this recruitment, however, must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation;
this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes.
what goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church.
whatever projection one makes, the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people.
with capital largely squandered, there seemed to them no other course to pursue.
Bienville, who returned to succeed Perier in 1732, objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits.
Congress is a harsh master.
D' Artaguette went vigorously to work, and gave credit to many hunters.
Perier and Salmon, the intendant, wished either to entrust the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts.
Perier finally, in one last bid in 1730, cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France.
Perier's efforts, however, were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district, and he decided to send troops into the troubled country.
a kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
after all, the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer, the laborer, or the businessman, but to < foreigners >.
and are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll?
businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department.
but come the next session of Congress, State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats.
but they brought back few pelts to pay their debts, and soon French trade in the region was at an end.
company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications, arms, munitions, or supplies.
diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence, not with Nikita Khrushchev, but with John Rooney.
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim, frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition.
few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased congressman.
first, the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters.
he asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians' pelts.
he asked the government for two hundred soldiers, who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians.
he did find some to trust, however, and he employed the King's soldiers to trade.
he reported, too, that among the < habitants > there were none of probity and ability sufficient to justify entrusting them with the King's goods.
if this trade should be resumed, the < habitants > who had come to be farmers or artisans, and soldiers discharged from the army, must be hardened to the severe life of < coureurs de bois >.
in January, 1731, the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony.
in many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson.
in order to compete with English traders, Bienville radically changed the price schedule.
in spite of the company's restrictions, he planned to build new posts in the territory.
in the matter of money State 's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J& Rooney, of Brooklyn, who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses.
it offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade, but asked an indemnity.
it stated that it had lost 20,000,000 livres in its operations, and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade.
its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way;
labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department;
no help came from the crown, and Perier, in desperation, gave a monopoly of the Indian trade in the district to D' Artaguette.
no such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger.
not only do these foreigners not vote for American congressmen;
others left the country, and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade.
people in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers.
so hostile did these factions become that, among the Choctaws, civil war broke out.
state is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary;
state keeps the junketeering list a secret.
tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write.
the Chamber of Commerce, assaults upon the Treasury.
the Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion.
the Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders, who swarmed over the country, almost to the Mississippi.
the King accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at 1,450,000 livres.
the King should expect no profit, and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France, which would cover the expense of transportation and handling, was all he charged the traders.
the chances are excellent that he will.
the congressman who, in Paris, may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury.
the congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department.
the difficulties of trade had ruined many < voyageurs >, and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear half-blood families.
the farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget.
the reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available.
the result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife.
the war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts.
thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.
these men were without capital or experience.
they are also probably ungrateful for Uncle's Sam's bounty.
they destroyed a trading house and pillaged the goods, and harassed French shipping on the Mississippi.
they would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports.
they would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a frolic in Paris or Hong Kong at the Treasury's expense.
this was a slow and difficult course, and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders.
will not the righteous congressman be cheered at the polls if he reminds them to get right with America and if he saves the taxpayer some money by spoiling a few of their schemes?
with all these agencies, the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly.
with no company to interfere, he kept close control over all the traders.
with the loss of the Mobile trade, which ended all profits from Louisiana, the Natchez Indians revolted.
" do you mean to tell us", a reporter asked," that the King has twenty-one children, twenty-five of whom are sons"?
" twenty-five", the sheik replied.
" twenty-one", replied the sheik.
#KYOTO# After a day at Nikko, Mrs& Kodama put me on the train for Kyoto.
I arrived at 7:00 a&m& and by 9:00 a&m& I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned.
I do n't have the answer yet.
I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom.
I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen Kyoto, Nara, and Hiroshima.
I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school.
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again- for why should they?
Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan and still its cultural center.
a few newer homes have Western flush toilets, but even with running water, they are usually Eastern style.
after a supper of < unagi > ( rice with eel- eel which is raised in an ice-cold pond at the foot of Mt& Fuji ), I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day.
and how many of these were sons?
as a result, money is spent quickly and freely, with no thought of its value.
at 6:00 p&m& we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated.
because Don was leaving the next day, I spent the evening with him at Asia Center.
finally he reported that Nasser was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for Israeli concessions.
gambling is everywhere, especially among students.
here I was accompanied by Mrs& Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ), her son, Mr& Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ), and Mr& Nishima, one of the science teachers.
his grandfather is a Buddhist priest;
how many children did the King have?
in the afternoon Miss Hosaka and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs& Kodama to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers.
in the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good.
it 's the only copy I 've got".
it will be painful, but interesting, to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop.
it, along with Nara, was untouched by the war- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of prewar Japan.
mrs& Hosaka is one of the Japanese women one reads about- beautiful, artistically talented, an artful manager of her big household- ( four boys and four girls ), and yet looking like a pampered, gentle Japanese woman.
my hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by Masu and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen, but it was fun for once to be elegant- I did explain to the students, however, that this was not my usual style, for their salaries are very small, and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well.
my instructions were that Mr& Nishimo would meet me at the hotel, but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome.
of course, most toilets are Eastern style- at floor level- but even when they are raised to chair height, they are actually outside toilets- inside.
parents indulge their children.
she was a real experience!
six of the science teachers were present, and we had great fun.
spiritual life is cultivated, but students do not need to be Christian.
the Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language.
the dances were as beautiful as anything I have ever seen- they rival the New York Rockettes for scenery and precision as well as imagination.
the deep water is used by many people, but it is always clean, for the washing is done outside.
the following morning Mr& Morikawa called for me, and we went to visit schools- kindergarten, middle-school, elementary school, and high school- Mr& Yoshimoto's school.
the government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused.
the library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom.
the massed reporters brushed aside the customary bromides about Saudi-American friendship to bore in on the central question.
the next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well.
the older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles, but the younger people, who have lost all faith and convictions, are now parents.
the reports of President Nasser's pledges which Hammarskjold was relaying from Cairo to Washington became increasingly incomprehensible to other diplomats, including the Israeli Foreign Minister, Mrs& Golda Meir.
the sheik smiled and murmured:" that is precisely correct".
the size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower.
there is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools.
there is much more freedom in the schools here than I expected- some think too much.
there seemed to be no excuse?
there seems to be no purpose in life that is sure- no certain guiding principles to give stability.
they apologized for the condition, including dirt and flies, and I was a little at a loss to know what to say.
they are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning.
they have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates.
they suggested several new foods, and usually I found them good, except the sweets, which I think I could learn to like.
they understood and teased me a bit about it.
they were even better than those of Tokyo- more spectacular and more imaginative.
we had tea at Mr& Washizu's home where I learned that he, too, comes from a very wealthy family.
we started at 9 a&m& to visit the Kyoto University where Mr& Washizu is attending.
we visited the Okamoto home- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony.
we walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens.
when Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel 's 1956 invasion of Egypt, he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo, a language as anarchic as Casey Stengel 's.
when it ended, a dusky sheik in desert robes flowed into Hagerty's office to report on the interview.
with the loss of the Emperor diety in Japan, the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength.
" **h Billions of American dollars, not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U& S& taxpayers", this author states," are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression, the persecution, and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white".
" the primary objective of non-violence", writes the outstanding Mennonite ethicist," is not peace, or obedience to the divine will, but rather certain desired social changes, for personal, or class, or national advantage".
< economy > in the use of power needs not only to be asserted, but clearly specified;
I am naive, they say, to make use of such words.
I take this to mean that the intelligent- and therefore necessarily cynical?- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it.
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience.
NORTHERN liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration.
a Southerner married to a New Englander, I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists, writers, publicity men, and business executives of egghead tastes.
a technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression.
a trial of strength, however, is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent;
among Christian groups, the Mennonites have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the Christian use of all forms of pressure.
an excellent article was published recently in the journal of the Church Peace Union by a South African journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the blacks in South Africa, amounting to virtual slavery, and the economic < complicity > of both the government and the people of the United States in these conditions.
an unlimited use of economic pressures for diametrically opposite causes could devastate the pre-conditions of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means.
and again, that" the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war- namely, to demoralize the opponent, to break his will, to destroy his confidence, enthusiasm, and hope.
and both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons.
and in warfare with any means, men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause.
and the intelligent, cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things do n't count any more in the world of to-day.
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes non-violently.
and when charity interpenetrates man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will.
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means, and apply to both alike, justifying either on occasion and always limiting either action.
both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail.
but since this is a world in which people disagree about ends and goals and concerning justice and injustice, and since, in a situation where direct action and economic pressure are called for, the justice of the matter has either not been clearly defined by law or the law is not effectively present, there has to be a < morality of means > applied in every case in which people take it upon themselves to use economic pressures or other forms of force.
economy in the use of power means more than inflicting a < barely intolerable > pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed.
everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them".
he suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him";
here it is relevant to remember that men commonly regard some causes as more important than their lives;
here the recourse is in steps to give economic sustenance to those being despoiled, and to legal remedies.
however, it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward.
in another respect it is dissimilar, for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values".
in these terms, the" economic withdrawal" of the Negroes of Nashville, Tennessee, from trading in the center city, for example, was clearly justified, since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out.
it also definitely fashions conduct in the way explained above, and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means.
it is also sufficient to show the Christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his < conduct > is just, i&e&, that, if economic pressure has to be resorted to, this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices, while, if injury fall upon others, it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily ( however inevitably ) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them.
it is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality, like any other form of resistance.
it is these other differences between North and South- other, that is, than those which concern discrimination or social welfare- which I chiefly discuss herein.
most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves, and are viewed as, liberals.
not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which, this author believes," must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation".
one of the sit-in leaders has said:" nobody from the top of Heaven to the bottom of Hell can stop the march to freedom.
our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord, it seems, with the moral conscience of America, not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country, but also in accord with our law, U&S& Code Title 19, Section 1307, which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor.
r& B& Gregg has written that" non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu, to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance.
since Bourbon whiskey, though of Kentucky origin, is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by conservatives in the South.
since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in Christlike love, it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing.
that would amount to calculating the means and justifying them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching desired goals.
the < language > used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ).
the end or aim of the action, of course, is also important, especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights, e&g&, against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County, Tennessee, at the present moment.
the justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed, those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall, and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good.
the name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never forgot;
the nature of the opposition between liberals and Bourbons is too little understood in the North.
the need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White Citizens' Councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence.
the present writer certainly agrees with that statement, and would also affirm this- in the order of justice.
the question, then, is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him.
the race problem has tended to obscure other, less emotional, issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive.
there may be instances in which, if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all, this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people.
there must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance, violent or non-violent.
these principles we have now set forth.
they have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state.
this is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism, because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson, who held that the best government was the least government.
this leads to the conclusion that" the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not < apartheid > shall continue".
this makes necessary a morality of means, and principles governing the < conduct > of resistance whenever this is thought to be justified.
this seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which, under a President of the same stamp, would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme Court.
this, however, is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict ( if both sides are strong enough ) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used.
we may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above.
when I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy, I find that they fall into two categories: the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis;
without agreeing with every phrase in this statement, we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance, and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance.
yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view Jefferson as one of their patron saints.
## A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner.
( that corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
) beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above, no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility, either internally or externally.
a concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment.
a measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in 1959.
a national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary.
a third, one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance, is now being traversed: American immersion and involvement in world affairs.
already firmly implanted internally, it is a growing factor in external matters.
and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town.
and there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism.
as it is, they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism, that in spite of its high standard of living the" American way" has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways, although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter.
at the same time, all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted.
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom.
but those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this.
by prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men, the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders.
for better or for worse, we all now live in welfare states, the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being.
for lawyers, reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences, there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation- the manner in which its decisions altered in" the switch in time that saved nine", President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious" Court-packing plan", the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation.
had the situation been reversed, had, for instance, England been the enemy in 1898 because of issues of concern chiefly to New England, there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain.
hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning- the economic side of the constitutional revolution.
his duty was to his sovereign and to his nation, and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated.
however, in recent decades, for what doubtless are multiple reasons, an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity.
in 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of < national > responsibility for < local > economic distress won out over a" state 's-responsibility" proposal- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus.
in the past, the duties of the state, as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago, were only two in number: internal order and external security.
in what has aptly been called a" constitutional revolution", the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature ( the" night-watchman state" ) to one with affirmative duties to perform.
internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial Revolution.
internal national responsibility, now a truism, need not be documented.
it became the sole" subject" of" international law" ( a term which, it is pertinent to remember, was coined by Bentham ), a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena.
it is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have.
it is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed, former colonial nations.
labor relations have been transformed, income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms, and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom.
less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946, by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment.
many Northeners believe this, too, but few of them will say so publicly.
meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists, a body of lawyers from the free world, the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties.
most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure.
national responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the United States or even to the Western nations.
nevertheless, it may be helpful to cite one example- that of employment- for, as will be shown below, it cuts across both facets of the new concept.
of greater importance, however, is the content of those programs, which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people.
outside those limits it asserted, as against other states, a position of sovereign equality, and, as against the" inferior" peoples of the non-Western world, a position of dominance.
ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952, the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on < whether > but on < how much > social legislation there should be.
recognizing that the Rule of Law is" a dynamic concept **h which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society", the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility" to establish social, economic, educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized".
reduced to its simplest terms, it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era.
social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century.
speaking generally, it furthered- and still tends to further- the interests of the Western powers.
that any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman.
that guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal;
the American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961.
the Bourbon economic philosophy, moreover, is not very different from that of Northern conservatives.
the North should thank its stars that such has been the case;
the Rule of Law, historically a principle according everyone his" day in court" before an impartial tribunal, was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare.
the South's antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners, harsh accents, lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure.
the enormous changes in world politics have, however, thrown it into confusion, so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era.
the general acceptance of the idea of governmental ( i&e&, societal ) responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in American constitutional history.
the idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world.
the other, of course, was the Civil War, the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation.
the two main charges levelled against the Bourbons by liberals is that they are racists and social reactionaries.
the" positive state" came into existence.
their own easier, slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners;
there is much truth in both these charges, and not many Bourbons deny them.
they believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America.
thirty years ago, while the nation was wallowing in economic depression, the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow" natural forces" to operate and cure the distress.
this was particularly true in the world arena, which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires.
thus, to cite but one example, the < Pax Britannica > of the nineteenth century, whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance, was strictly national in motivation, however much other nations ( e&g&, the United States ) may have incidentally benefited.
whatever their faults, they are not hypocrites.
whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish.
BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD ( North American Air Defense Command ) in Colorado Springs, Colorado, for interpretation;
NATO headquarters in Europe;
Wisman, who has had the chief controller's job for four years, calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights, switches and buttons.
a system of" gold"- actually yellow- phones connects him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the SAC commander and other key men.
additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications.
air Force forward headquarters in Europe and in the Pacific, which control tactical fighters on ships and land bases;
all can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes.
all could help the President make his decision.
alternate locations exist for all key command centers.
and Bill Wisman, forty-three, a farmer's son from Beallsville, Ohio, is a quiet but impressive man.
and SAC, which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles.
and no messages can be transmitted on these circuits until senders and receivers authenticate in advance, by special codes, that the messages actually come from their purported sources.
at least a dozen men, some armed, are never far away from him.
but what if somebody decides to break it?
even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike- the" go code".
even the President cannot pick up his telephone and give a" go" order.
for last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC-135 jet tankers.
for these centers, too, are on the gold circuit.
he makes the momentous decision.
he or his deputy or one of their seven assistants, all full colonels, mans the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day.
he was, and is, with the RAND Corporation, a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the U& S& Air Force.
his eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown.
his investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war, and safety procedures were enormously increased.
his movements and speech are precise, clear and quick.
however, the system is designed, ingeniously and hopefully, so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war.
hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons.
if communications work, his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order.
in a word, plenty.
in an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the" gold-phone circuit".
in front of him is a gold phone.
in recent weeks, as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration, basic United States strategy has been modified- and large new sums allocated- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible.
it is a quiet but impressive room- 140 feet long, thirty-nine feet wide, twenty-one feet high.
it is their job to think about the unthinkable.
its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States.
let us look in on one of these nerve centers- SAC at Omaha- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their H-bombs.
meanwhile, the experts speak of wars triggered by" false pre-emption"," escalation"," unauthorized behavior" and other terms that will be discussed in this report.
movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information.
multiple circuits, routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible.
no question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate.
nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers.
officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from BMEWS.
one arm represented our bombers and missiles, the other arm" theirs".
only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation?
telephones, Teletypes, several kinds of radio systems and, in some cases, television, link all vital points.
that 's the law.
the President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger.
the chain starts at BMEWS ( Ballistic Missile Early Warning System ) in Thule, Greenland.
the first systematic thinking about this Pandora's box within Pandora's boxes was done four years ago by Fred Ikle, a frail, meek-mannered Swiss-born sociologist.
the key man almost certainly would be Col& William W& Wisman, SAC's senior controller.
the same principle of" redundancy" applies to all communications on these special networks.
the talk would not be in code, but neither would it ramble.
their conversations were, almost invariably, accompanied by the same gestures- arms and pointed forefingers darting toward each other in arclike semicircular motions.
these men are not callous.
they include the Navy's Atlantic Command at Norfolk, Virginia, which is in contact with the Polaris subs;
they inhabit a secret world centered on" go codes" and" gold phones".
to the Joint War Room of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon and to the President.
to the SAC command and control post, forty-five feet below the ground at Offutt Air Force Base, near Omaha, Nebraska;
unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us- and more Russians and Communist Chinese, too- thought about accidental war.
vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda.
what if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly, coolly, decide to clobber the Russians?
what if the President himself, in the language of the military," goes ape"?
work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons.
yet implicit in each movement was the death of millions, perhaps hundreds of millions, perhaps you and me- and the experts.
" The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps.
" damned right", he said.
" do you always navigate like this"?
" once I get out on the flat I do.
#THE FAMILY AT THE BOULDER# SEEING an aborigine today is a difficult thing.
I asked.
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge, but I suspect that it can.
I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived" outback" for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush.
I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless.
and countless others like them have died.
any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done.
at once he started to glance toward the instrument panel.
but if you do n't know the place like the palm of your hand, you 'd better use a compass and the speedometer.
but much of the land which the aborigine wanders < looks > as if it should be hospitable.
even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction, were tortured by the heat, driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape, and who finally died.
finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines.
finally, however, the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover.
he knows that the economy of life in the" outback" is awful.
he knows that the land is hard and pitiless.
he tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock, a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer.
he was right.
in an instant he had sucked it dry.
it is softened by the saltbush and the bluebush, has a peaceful quality, the hills roll softly.
it lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving, watching us carefully.
it might have rained, any time;
it struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog.
it took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel: there was a gimbaled compass welded to it, which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about.
it was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation, even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language.
it was not a pet.
its ribs showed, it was a yellow nondescript color, it suffered from a variety of sores, hair had scabbed off its body in patches.
many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports.
no one came".
no one patted the dog.
nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men.
only there happened- nothing.
only- it did not.
only- there was not.
others are confined to vast reservations, and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo, but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive, shunning camps, coming together only for < corroborees > at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch- which is very low indeed.
part of it is, of course.
perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity.
some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks **h a tree here, a wash here, a boulder there.
such stretches have an inhuman moonlike quality.
the aborigine is not deceived;
the aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen.
the landscape kept repeating itself.
the malignancy of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the Australian Charles Bean.
the other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle.
the rancher was navigating his way across the flatland.
the rancher went a mile down this road and then, when he reached a big red boulder, swung off the road.
the sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder.
the white men died.
there are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous.
there is no room for error or waste.
there might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise;
there might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these tree-clumps: only- there was not.
there was also a dog, a dingo dog.
they are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left, but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand.
they lay, with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky peeping down at them.
they went well-equipped with everything except knowledge of the" outback" country.
they were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder: a man, his lubra, and two children.
two miles northeast, then five miles southwest **h that sort of thing.
very simple".
we followed the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth.
which does not mean that it is ugly.
?t takes place as well along the terraces and through the arcades of the Khaju bridge, and also in the gardens of the square.
I do n't mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations, like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool.
I really did n't know what he meant.
I should like, by the way, to make it clear that I am not using the word" Persians" carelessly.
a Bakhtiari khan in a cap and hacking jacket;
a cigarette would taste particularly good.
a few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor.
above all, they will stop in the middle of anything, anywhere, to hear or quote some poetry.
above, in the tiled prosceniums of the alcoves, boys sing the ghazals of Hafiz and Saadi, while at the very bottom, in the vaults, the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums, drink arak, play dice, and dance.
all kinds come to walk in the promenade: merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal;
and of course religious life continues to center in the more famous mosques, and commercial life- very much a social institution- in the bazaar.
at either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses.
below, people line the steps, as though on bleachers, to watch the sky and river.
below, twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge.
but < he > knew;
but more important, and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see, is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities.
crowds press along the terraces, down the steps, in and out of the arcades, massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege.
dervishes who stand with the stillness of the blind, their eyes filmed with rheum and visions;
down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing vista like a visual echo of piers and arches, while the vaults fronting upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise, the mountains and river pools.
everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history, but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present.
families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on carpets around a samovar.
for another, it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in.
for one thing, there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed;
from downstream, where the water level is much lower, it is a high, elaborately facaded pavilion.
from the terraces- eighteen in all- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river.
from upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river;
he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a vintner knows a vintage.
here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them: poetry, water, the moon, a beautiful face.
here, in the old days- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks- sat the king and his court while priests, soldiers, and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between.
here, on the hottest day, it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaults.
however, just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud, so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared.
it is a great spectacle.
it is a splendid structure.
it seems that for Persia, and especially for this city, there are only two times: the glorious past and the corrupt, depressing, sterile present.
it was a nice day, granted.
it was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these caravans, and also to make a pleasance for the city, that Shah Abbas 2, in about 1657 built, of sun-baked brick, tile, and stone, the present bridge.
many of them, moreover, are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant, the mullah, and the peasant.
nonetheless, they take time out- much time- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks.
not long ago an acquaintance, a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city, stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks.
nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge.
often, too, the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges, for these great structures are not simply" historical monuments";
on Fridays, the day when many Persians relax with poetry, talk, and a samovar, people do not, it is true, stream into Chehel Sotun- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas 2, in the seventeenth century- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley, which are smaller, more humble copies of the former.
on spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge.
on the downstream, or" pavilion", side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself.
out of water, brick, and tile they have made far more than just a bridge.
poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms- all may stand.
students, civil servants, beggars, musicians, hawkers, and clowns.
the air, he said, was just right;
the bridge itself rises up from the river, light-flared and enormous, like the outdoor set for an epic opera.
the line of an eyebrow, the color of the skin, a ghazal from Hafiz, the purity of spring water, the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion- these things are noticed, judged, and valued.
the men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the < lutihaw, > mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons, brothels, and teahouses.
the natural world then, plus poetry and some kinds of art, receives from the most ordinary of Persians a great deal of attention.
the old Kajar princes arriving in their ancient limousines;
the one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called" historical monuments".
the promenade, for example, continues to take place on the Chahar Bagh, a mile-long garden of plane and poplar trees that now serves as the city's principal street.
the top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile.
the values and talents which made the tile and the dome, the rug, the poem and the miniature, continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city, as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes.
there has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city.
these are traversed by another line of vaults, and thus rooms, arched on all four sides, are formed.
these things are important to almost all Persians and perhaps most important to the most ordinary.
they are the places where Persians live.
those three other great activities of the Persians, the bath, the teahouse, and the < zur khaneh > ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics, dance, chanted poetry, and music ), do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold, but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture: long, domed, chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile, their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches.
to a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical, for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people.
water, air, fruit, poetry, music, the human form- these things are important to Persians, and they experience them with an intense and discriminating awareness.
" IS the attitude of German youth comparable to that of" the angry young men' of England"?
" and next year we will do- also a Ford commission- a piano concerto by Elliott Carter, with Jacob Lateiner as soloist.
" as my wife puts it", he said, again with a twinkle in his eyes," all you know is your music.
" both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgment".
" but you want a job guaranteed when you return", I continued my attack.
" it is easy for you to talk";
" now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend Dimitri Mitropoulos is no longer with us, I am probably the only one- with the possible exception of Leonard Bernstein- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of Bruckner and Mahler".
" then I return to the United States for engagements at the Hollywood Bowl and in Philadelphia", he added.
" there was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created.
" would you advise us to act the same way?
" you must have some security", said a young clerk.
## ONCE again, as in the days of the Founding Fathers, America faces a stern test.
Bruckner's Eighth he refers to as" my travel symphony".
I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year".
I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today".
I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck".
I was chairman, the only not youthful participant.
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement, but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly.
Steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about Italy:" Rome is my second home.
again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments.
all expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest.
and how did he feel about modern art?
at the moment he was excited about his son 's having received the Prix de Rome in archaeology and was looking forward to being present this summer at the excavation of an Etruscan tomb.
but I usually stick to the old phrase: < ' ich habe ein Amt, aber keine Meinung > ( I hold an office, but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion ).
but after all, you never learned anything else"!
but his prime interest, apart from music, he insisted seriously, was his family- his wife, daughter and son.
countered a twenty year old law student," you travel around the world.
first of all, to Italy for a short vacation- Forte dei Marmi, a place he loves.
he added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour, especially Mahler's First and Fourth symphonies, and < Das Lied von der Erde, > and Bruckner's Sixth- which is rarely played- and Seventh.
he cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature.
he had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals.
he recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for" still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans", the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation.
he returned to Germany for the first time in 1953, where he has since conducted in Cologne, Frankfurt, and Berlin.
he was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude Lorrain, but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago.
he will conduct two concerts at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia, as well as concerts in Munich and Cologne.
in recent years he has traveled widely in Europe, conducting in Italy, France, Austria, and Switzerland.
it is well then that in this hour both of" national peril" and of" national opportunity" we can take counsel with the men who made the nation.
like his late colleague, Mitropoulos, he reads mystery stories, in particular Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
my Pittsburghers have become real addicts to Mahler and Bruckner".
no one wanted a larger family or no children, and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory.
of course, I shall conduct Mahler and Bruckner works in the coming season, as usual.
one girl expressed what was obviously in their minds.
other world premieres will be Gardner Read's Third Symphony and Burle Marx's < Samba Concertante >.
others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding.
since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera, where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdi's < Falstaff >.
since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts, I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger, and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry.
since he introduces so much modern music, I could not resist asking how he felt about it.
since it is not far from Viareggio, he will visit Puccini's house, as he never fails to do, to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of < La Boheme, > which he considers one of Puccini's masterpieces.
that test, as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message, will determine" whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure".
the debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life, what his hopes were and what his fears.
the forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest.
the ideal home, they agreed, would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms, just enough for a family consisting of husband, wife, and two children.
there will be premieres of new works, made possible through Ford Foundation commissions: Carlisle Floyd's < Mystery, > with Phyllis Curtin as soprano soloist.
though the four boys and two girls, the youngest nineteen years of age, the oldest twenty-four, came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests, there was surprising agreement among them.
was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich.
we 'll play Bruckner's Fifth Symphony in the original version, and Mahler's Seventh- the least accessible, known, and played of Mahler's works.
we would like to do that too".
what did he do for relaxation?
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country.
what they wished for most was security;
when I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return fare, but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount, the young people looked at me doubtingly.
where in Europe was he going now?
with all his musical activities, did he have the time and inclination to do anything else?
you might have failed.
" think continentally", Hamilton counseled the young nation.
" we have now a national character to establish", Washington wrote in 1783.
## THE state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves, but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than Jeffersonians.
## WHEN, in 1832, the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve, they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman.
#TOBACCO ROAD IS DEAD.
LONG LIVE TOBACCO ROAD.# Nostalgic Yankee readers of Erskine Caldwell are today informed by proud Georgians that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a four-lane super highway, over which travel each day suburbanite businessmen more concerned with the Dow-Jones average than with the cotton crop.
Truman Capote is still reveling in Southern Gothicism, exaggerating the old Southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque, but as unreal as- or even < more > unreal than- yesterday.
William Styron, while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance, insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes.
according to many critics, in fact, the South has led the North in literature since the Civil War, both quantitatively and qualitatively.
all seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation.
all sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers.
an example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society, a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865.
and the disguised one, as the serpent creeping with his deadly wiles into Paradise".
as for progress, the" backward South" can boast of Baton Rouge, which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent, to 126,000, the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000.
as the New South snowballs toward further urbanization, it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms" Yankeefication", as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte, Birmingham, and Houston.
but the South is, and has been for the past century, engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which, oddly enough, is not reflected in its literature.
but there have been abrupt changes as well: the sit-ins, the picket lines, the bus strikes- all of these were unheard-of even ten years ago.
but these sources have not been tapped.
even the great god Faulkner, the South 's one probable contender for literary immortality, has little concerned himself with these matters;
has the agrarian tradition become such an addiction that the switch to urbanism is somehow dreaded or unwanted?
he has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters, refused to obey < local > laws which he considers unjust, while in other cases he has appealed to < federal > laws.
his first inaugural address speaks of" my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love".
his requesting, and often getting, higher wages, better working conditions, better schools- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954.
historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs& limited government, with Hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position.
in 1900 the South was only 15% urban;
in 1950 it had become 47.1% urban.
in a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status.
in his political testament," Advice to My Country", penned just before his death, Madison expressed the wish" that the Union of the States be cherished and perpetuated.
in purchasing Louisiana, Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution, and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamilton's bank, which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception, and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff.
indeed, it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road, with all the traditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps, continue to live- but only as a weary, overexploited phantom.
indeed, the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the Hamilton-oriented Whigs than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats.
it is interesting, however, that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing, almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops;
it is said that, even at the present stage of Southern urbanization, such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton.
lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a < new > economy, these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money.
let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened;
of the stereotyped Negro servants chanting hymns as they plow the fields;
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century.
only historical evolution will determine which ): an < abrupt > change.
other examples of < gradual > changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up, row by row, in the busses;
perhaps present writers hypnotically cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated testings over the decades.
save Jefferson, all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution.
since 1954 the Negro's desire for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion.
such a statement would be the rankest form of oversimplification.
such are simply not within his bounded province.
such writers as William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of post-bellum renaissance.
the Negro faces as much, if not more, difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one.
the effects of television and other mass media are erasing regional dialects and localisms with a startling force.
the field, then, is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon, the Southern Yankeefication: the new urban economy, the city-dweller, the pains of transition, the labor problems;
the latter in turn assured him that" were I arraigned at the bar, and you my judge, I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause".
the list is, obviously, endless.
then came this decision, which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it;
there is a New South emerging, a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche- especially within recent decades.
they supported it, not as a perfect instrument, but as the best obtainable.
this bold self-assertion, after decades of humble subservience, is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon, an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence.
this is not to say that the South is no longer agrarian;
this new force, love of country, super-imposed upon- if not displacing- affectionate ties to one's own state, was epitomized by Washington.
this represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem.
those writers known collectively as the" Southern school" have received accolades from even those critics least prone to eulogize;
thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South- an urbanization which, despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture, has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers.
today the Negro must discover his role in an < industrialized > South, which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma has n't changed radically, but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context, this new coat of paint.
today's evidence, such as the fact that only three Southern states ( South Carolina, Alabama and Mississippi ) still openly defy integration, would have astounded many of yesterday's Southerners into speechlessness.
undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind: William Styron mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder, a Civil War general, now renamed, in typical California fashion," Buena Vista Terrace".
where are the writers to treat these changes?
yet when, at war's end, the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence, Jay wrote him from Paris, where he was negotiating the peace settlement:" as an independent American I considered all who were not for us, and you amongst the rest, as against us, yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack".
Alwin Nikolais objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion.
Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement.
a man and a girl happen to meet;
a pervading quality of free lyricism and a building from turns close to the ground towards jumps into the air gives the work its central focus.
according to Katherine Litz," the becoming, the process of realization, is the dance".
again, the composer must select his own materials.
an earlier but still influential school of painting, surrealism, had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience, that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious.
an exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance.
an order can be chanced rather than chosen, and this approach produces an experience that is" free and discovered rather than bound and remembered".
at one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly;
at one time she felt impelled to make dances that" moved all over the stage", much as Pollock's paintings move violently over the full extent of the canvas.
avant-garde choreographers, seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements, have turned to similar approaches.
but I would never have thought of it myself".
but a tossing of coins, with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the oracles of the < I Ching >, the Chinese Book of Changes, dictates the handling of the chosen materials.
but he cannot order his elements by will, either rational or inspired.
but her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form, a need to let the experience shape itself.
but in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight, rather than his immediate impressions, that gives form to the work.
but the metamorphosis must come first.
chance, he finds, enables him to create" a world beyond imagination".
even the least alteration will change the quality.
he accepts the accidents of his brushwork because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation.
he bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything.
he cites with pleasure the comment of a lady, who exclaimed after a concert:" why, it 's extremely interesting.
he is still concerned, however, with a personal event.
he lifts her, puts her down, and walks off, neither pleased nor disturbed, as if nothing had happened.
he may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers.
he rejects all subjectively motivated continuity, any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect.
he seeks to make his dancers more" godlike" by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape, light color, and sound.
if his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars, this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world, a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities.
if one dancer slaps another, the victim may do a pirouette, sit down, or offer his assailant a fork and spoon.
in his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves, and this self, in the" first revealed stroke of its existence", states the theme from which all else must follow.
it is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered.
it may be a free front-back swing of the leg, leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground.
it may be a reaction to a percussive sound, the following movements constituting further reactions.
it may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color, in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs.
looking back, Miss Marsicano feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock.
movements unfold freely because they are uninhibited by emotional bias or purposive drive.
musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development.
nearby, another sits motionless, while still another is twirling an umbrella.
or it may involve more subtle distinctions: the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged, its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified, or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head.
others look to more objective devices of order.
rather than putting their trust in ephemeral sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design, which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world.
she, too, is concerned with" the becoming, the process of realization", but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns.
some let dances take their form from the experience of creation.
some painters have less interest in the experience of the moment, with its attendant urgencies and ambiguities, than in looking beyond the flux of particular impressions to a higher, more serene level of truth.
the approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic, as it is for Miss Litz, or spontaneous, as it is for Merle Marsicano.
the composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ).
the concept remains subjective.
the contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines, colors, masses, and energies.
the design is determined emotionally:" I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me".
the musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that, once set in motion, determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities.
the process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it.
the resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions, but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order.
the sequence may involve a sharp contrast: for example, a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap;
the sequence of movements in a Cunningham dance is unlike any sequence to be seen in life.
the system works as an impersonal mechanism.
the test of form is fidelity to the experience, a gauge also accepted by the abstract expressionist painters.
the theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve.
the work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience.
they look straight at the audience, not at each other.
this became a dance called < Prelude to Flight >.
though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity, Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim.
thus, there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well.
unconcerned with the practical function of his actions, the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their" motional content".
# I want, therefore, to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science, the connection between scientific understanding and fear.
#THE TRUTH ON EACH SIDE WON IN THE CIVIL WAR# The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery- the antithesis of individual liberty- made the conflict grimmer, and the greater.
I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears, but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly.
Lucretius has remarked:" the reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause, and these they attribute to the will of God".
and it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact.
as cells coalesced into organisms, they built new" unnatural" and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world.
at what stage are social sciences then?
but a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating.
but before this came about, 214,938 Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states.
but it has been during the last two centuries, during the scientific revolution, that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides.
but the fact that 70,524 other Americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served Liberty-and-Union in other essential ways.
consitutional government, popular vote, trial by jury, public education, labor unions, cooperatives, communes, socialized ownership, world courts, and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples.
for the family is the simplest example of just such a unit, composed of people, which gives us both some immunity from, and a way of dealing with, other people.
he fought to the end to preserve it as a" government of the people, by the people, for the people".
he understood that both sides were at fault, and he reached the height of saying so explicitly in his Second Inaugural.
in fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other.
in fact, although we have dispelled the fear, we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers.
is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton?
it is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice.
it is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man.
it is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union.
its appeal from ballots to bullets at Fort Sumter ended by costing the Southerners their right to have slaves- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man.
just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics, so one might expect that social invention will follow growing sociological understanding.
most of these, with horrible exceptions, were conceived as is a ship, not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind, nor to deny its force, but as a means to survive and enjoy it.
often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but, because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding, one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective, and the whole pattern becomes ritualized.
on their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the" brave men, living and dead, who fought here".
one wonders about its applicability to people.
out of this ordeal the citizen emerged, in the South as in the North, as America's true sovereign, in" a new birth of freedom", as Lincoln promised.
perhaps things were even worse then.
political theoretical understanding, although almost at a standstill during this century, did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to coexist with man.
so great a man could not but understand, too, that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought, which their opponents see and attack, but the truth which the latter do not see- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend.
social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await Lavoisier or the buoyant protection of a boat the formulations of Archimedes.
the 140,414 Americans who gave" the last full measure of devotion" to prevent disunion, preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy, inherent in confederations, which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states, and to the liberties of their people.
the answer is of course yes.
the bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage.
the frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize.
the lives so many of them gave, to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against freedom's other foe.
the most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme.
the range of our voice ignores distance.
the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons;
the useful suggestion of Professor David Hawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments.
the very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method, war, led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for, since it forced Lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure.
there are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears.
there is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in Freud.
there was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another.
there was also a lesson, one that has served ever since to keep Americans, in their conflicts with one another, from turning from the ballot to the bullet.
they are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual.
they arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world, but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group.
they differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth: that individual life, liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two- and on the limitation of sovereignty, in all its aspects, which this involves.
they include both individual fears and collective ones.
this and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually, first, with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of periodicity and then, more firmly, with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestial and celestial motions.
this understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls.
to my knowledge, Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who, while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt, proved man enough to say this publicly- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error, and in all our error, some truth.
to say that science had reduced many such fears merely reiterates the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition.
we are desperately in the need of such invention, for man is still very much at the mercy of man.
we are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared comets.
we are worried about what people may do with them- that some crazy fool may" push the button".
we fly through the air, although gravity pulls us down;
we get some clue from a few remembrances of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was.
we have ample light when the sun sets;
what Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union.
will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction?
yet often fear persists because, even with the most rigid ritual, one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act.
yet though the Southern States lost the worst errors in their case, they did not lose the truth they fought for.
" how could the mess be admitted, because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be"?
" not this", he said, and gestured toward the Madeleine.
" not this.
" the confusion is not my invention.
" what I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art.
" what is more true than anything else?
Beckett's own work is an example.
I am not a philosopher.
I granted this might be so, but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously.
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation.
I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth, but Beckett did not take to the word truth.
and why not?
but it is different at Chartres.
but now we can keep it out no longer, because we have come into a time when" it invades our experience at every moment.
for he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility, perhaps of the same genesis, not to impose himself upon another.
for one thing, the world that Beckett sees is already shattered.
he seems, by some unconscious division of labor, to have given them that one function and no other, leaving communication to the rest of the face.
he wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie.
his light blue eyes, set deep within the face, are actively and continually looking.
his talk turns to what he calls" the mess", or sometimes" this buzzing confusion".
his tweed suit was a baggy gray and green.
how, I asked, could chaos be admitted to chaos?
if we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form.
is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify, demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never-predictable way?
is n't all art ambiguous?
it has held them at bay.
it is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in.
it is not a mess you can make sense of".
it is there and it must be allowed in".
it only means that there will be new form, and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else.
it realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
one can only speak of what is in front of him, and that now is simply the mess".
one cannot speak anymore of being, one must speak only of the mess.
one is not more true than the other.
one might say it combines the man;
own pride and humility.
plays more highly formalized than" Waiting for Godot"," Endgame", and" Krapp's Last Tape" would be hard to find.
that is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation, because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates.
the Boulevard de la Madeleine, the Boulevard Malesherbes, and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery, bearing tidings of the Age of Reason.
the Irish accent is, as one would expect, combined with slight inflections from the French.
the classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory, dominated all the scene where we sat.
the conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering.
the form and the chaos remain separate.
the latter is not reduced to the former.
the mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile.
the only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess.
the voice is light in timbre, with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage.
then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form.
there is the unexplainable, and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer".
they look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel.
this does not allow the mystery to invade us.
this is clear.
to find a form that accommodates the mess, that is the task of the artist now".
to swim is true, and to sink is true.
unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead, standing so high that the top falls gently over, as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle.
until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things.
we cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion.
we walked down the Rue de L' Arcade, thence along beside the Madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church.
what appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words.
what is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory?
when Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence, they may be right, I do n't know, but their language is too philosophical for me.
with classical art, all is settled.
would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art?
yet, I responded, could not similar things be said about the art of the past?
" all is < not > sex", declared Lawrence.
Hemingway's fiction is supported by a" moral" backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension.
Lawrence Lipton, in < The Holy Barbarians, > stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure;
and D& H& Lawrence, in < Fantasia of the Unconscious, > protested vehemently against the overestimation of the sexual motive.
and Zen Buddhism, though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled, helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release.
and the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive, even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit- writing, painting, music.
apart from the categorical imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the orgasm, the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only refuge.
as Lipton, the prophet of the beat generation, declares:" in the sexual act, the beat are filled with mana, the divine power.
but for the beat generation all < is > sex.
for the beatnik, like the hipster, is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct.
for this reason, too, their language is more forthright and earthy.
he has elevated sex- not Eros or libido but pure, spontaneous, uninhibited sex- to the rank of the godhead;
he will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive, even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth.
if Wilhelm Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery, Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor, marijuana, sex, and jazz.
if he is the child of nothingness, if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars, then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil.
if they avoid the use of the pungent, outlawed four-letter word it is because it is taboo;
in addition, they have been converted to Zen Buddhism, with its glorification of all that is" natural" and mysteriously alive, the sense that everything in the world is flowing.
indeed, it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz, by freeing the listener of his inhibitions, can have therapeutic value.
instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them, they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction.
it is Astarte, Ishtar, Venus, Yahwe, Dionysus, Christ, the mysterious and divine orgone energy flowing through the body of the universe.
it is a mystique, and their private language is rich in the multivalent ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a sexualized universe of discourse.
it is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man.
it is sacred.
it is sex that obsesses them, sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed.
it is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of domesticity, for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy.
jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect.
jazz is sex, marijuana is a stimulus to sex, the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse.
jazz is the musical language of sex, the vocabulary of the orgasm;
jazz, like sex, is a mystique.
let them learn to" swing" freely, to let go, to become authentically themselves, and then perhaps civilization will be saved.
man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy.
monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer, whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability.
nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex.
one girl describes her past, her succession of broken marriages, the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion.
righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death, the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats;
that is reserved for the squares.
that is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians;
that is why, the argument runs, the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it.
the beatnik, seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive, is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present.
the beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates.
the creative urge, for example, transcends the body and the self.
the dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire.
the mind has betrayed them, reason is the foe of life;
the mystique of sex, combined with marijuana and jazz, is intended to provide a design for living.
the singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place.
the style of life chosen by the beat generation, the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own, is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience.
their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent.
their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath, rootless and irresponsible.
their writing, born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled sexuality, reflects the extremity of their existential alienation.
they are non-conformists on principle.
they will destroy the shrines, temples, museums, and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in.
they will trust only their physical sensations, the wisdom of the body, the holy promptings of the unconscious.
they withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety.
this is far from the vulgar, leering sexuality of the middle-class square in heat".
this is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue, this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond.
those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free, their instincts put at the service of the imagination.
though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature, it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex.
thus jazz is transmuted into something holy, the sacred road to integration of being.
thus, paradoxically, the beat writers resort to" religious" metaphors: they are in search of mana, the spiritual, the numinous, but not anything connected with formal religion.
unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation, they disdain the art of" necking" and" petting".
what they are after is the beatific vision.
what they discuss with dialectical seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the Muse.
when they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth, the rage of repudiation, the ecstasy of negation.
with lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate, but their faith in love, inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz, culminates in the climax of the orgasm.
I have more than once sat cross-legged in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a poppy bud higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its cap, unfolded, and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming vermilion petals.
I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole- that I could not see- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory: wind-blown, frost-bitten, white chrysanthemums beneath a window, with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November;
I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener: she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren.
a hay-wagon moved slowly along the gutter, the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees, and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves.
a wheel squeaked on a hub, was still, and squeaked again.
after his passage, the street was empty again.
and the cast shell of a locust, straw-colored and transparent, weighing nothing, fragile but entire, with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back.
and the little, dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere.
and the poppies.
at four-o 'clock, or four-thirty, the coming of the newsboy marked the end of the day;
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made" gloves" on the ends of ten waggling fingers.
but true memory does not count nor add: it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time.
dead fledgling birds, their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags.
even when the fences became a part of the game- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty 's enchanted castle, or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire, even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside.
every morning early, in the summer, we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells, carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung, and stabled them, a weird faery herd, in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree, where no grass grew in the dense shade **h.
every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again, crushed beneath it.
flowers, stones, and small creatures, living and dead.
fuzzy caterpillars, snails with their sensitive horns, struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to" spit tobacco, spit".
he tossed a paper toward every front door, and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing.
hollyhock blossoms that, turned upside down, make pink-petticoated ladies;
hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch, where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it.
if a child watched its progress he whispered," Hay, hay, load of hay- make a wish and turn away", and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the horses' feet returned no more.
in the heat of the summer, the garden solitudes were ours alone;
it became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness.
it was mother who planted the verbenas.
more potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the minutiae which are of the very stuff of the mind, intrinsic, because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them.
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag;
my great-grandmother, I have been told, made her garden her great pride;
no one seemed to hear him, no one heeded.
once, then- for how many years or how few does not matter- my world was bound round by fences, when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough, to twist my knee over it and pull myself up.
other flowers we might gather as we pleased: myrtle and white violets from beneath the lilacs;
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch.
pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite;
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them;
ripe pears lying in long grass, to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot, cautiously, lest bees still worked in the ragged, brown-edged holes;
seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch;
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar;
she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed, and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house.
sleepily, as if half-reluctant to break the silence, he lifted his voice:" rhu-beb-ni-ice fresh rhu- < beb > today"!
snowballs;
squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on, we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive: safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by.
that world was in scale with my own smallness.
the horse plodded on, and he repeated his call.
the horse walked, the reins were slack, the huckster rode with bowed shoulders, his forearms across his knees.
the lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee.
the lilacs themselves, that bloomed so prodigally but for the most part beyond our reach;
the part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate," It could have been like that for only a little while";
the peonies, whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger, although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them;
the street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees, and silence was a weight, almost palpable, in the air.
the streets of any county town were like this on any sunshiny afternoon in summer;
the sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down;
the trees' shadows circled from street to sidewalk, from sidewalk to lawn.
these my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there, more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them, that flourished without careful tending.
they never troubled themselves about us while we were playing, because the fence formed such a definite boundary and" Do n't go outside the gate" was a command so impossible of misinterpretation.
they were like this fifty-odd years ago, and yesterday.
three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment: the roses, whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen, to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink;
thus shielded, we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness;
we collected" lucky stones"- all the creamy translucent pebbles, worn smooth and round, that we could find in the driveway.
we enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school.
we showed them to each other and said" Would you have guessed **h"?
we were forbidden to swing on the gates, lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way, but we could stand on them, when they were latched, rest our chins on the top, and stare and stare, committing to memory, quite unintentionally, all the details that lay before our eyes.
we were not, however, entirely unacquainted with the varying aspects of the street.
when the hay wagon had gone, and an interval passed, a huckster's cart might turn the corner.
when these had been pocketed, we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated.
" Gladius Dei" ( 1902 ) resembles" The Way to the Churchyard" in its representation of a conflict between light and dark, between" Life" and a spirit of criticism, negation, melancholy, but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict.
" he made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth".
" life" points out that" everybody uses this path", and starts to ride on.
#THE MIMETIC IMAGINATION IN THE ARTS# The word" mimesis" (" imitation" ) is usually associated with Plato and Aristotle.
Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and, like Plato, he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level.
Hieronymus, like Piepsam, makes his protest quite in vain, and his rejection, though not fatal, is ridiculous and humiliating;
Piepsam calls the cyclist" cur" and" puppy" among other things, and at the crisis of his fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face.
Piepsam is grotesque, a disturbing parody;
Piepsam is not, certainly, religious in any conventional sense.
Piepsam tries to stop him by force, receives a push in the chest from" Life", and is left standing in impotent and growing rage, while a crowd begins to gather.
Piepsam's fatal rage arises not only because < he > cannot stop the cyclist, but also because God will not stop him;
a broader concept of imitation is needed, one which acknowledges that true invention is important, that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises.
accordingly, it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call < mimesis > in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call < symbol > for reasons to be stated hereafter ).
all artistic and mythological representations, therefore, are" imitations of imitations" and are completely superseded by the truth value of" dialectic", the proper use of the inquiring intellect.
all such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism: if man can neither know nor love reality as it is, he can at least invent an artistic" reality" which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved.
and although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art, their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance, new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written.
and if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work, that is because it is also so typical a work, representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann 's writing: the crude sketch of Piepsam contains, in its critical, destructive and self-destructive tendencies, much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of, for instance, Naphta and Leverku^hn.
another wagon has no dog, and therefore is" devoid of interest".
as Piepsam says to the crowd in his last moments:" his justice is not of this world".
but Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the < Poetics > what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths.
but he is more interesting than the others, the ones who come from the highroad to watch him, more interesting than Life considered as a cyclist.
following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels, the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events" figures" of divine power and reality.
for Plato," imitation" is twice removed from reality, being a poor copy of physical appearance, which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence.
for better or worse we cannot regard" imitation" in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism.
for both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis, in contrast to the power of dialectic, is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality.
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter.
he is" a man raving mad on the way to the churchyard".
he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home, and" before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees, and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue- and still in the end capitulated".
his end is ridiculous and trivial.
his rage assumes a religious form;
his religiousness is intimately, or dialectically, connected with his sinfulness;
his unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings;
in Plato's judgment, the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young, prior to the full development of their intellectual powers.
in method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for" realism", anticipates a kind of musical composition, as well as a kind of fictional composition, in which, as Leverku^hn says," there shall be nothing unthematic".
in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled, according to gossip, upon the painter's mistress.
it resembles, too, pictures such as Du^rer and Bruegel did, in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary, the representation of a proverb, for example, or a deadly sin.
life is further characterized, in antithesis to Piepsam, as animal: the image of a dog, which appears at several places, is first given as the criterion of amiable, irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle: a dog in a wagon is" admirable"," a pleasure to contemplate";
on the other hand, we cannot regard artistic invention as pure, uncaused, and unrelated to the times in which it occurs.
on the street outside, Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world, such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence, and prophetically he issues his curse:" < Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter >".
presupposed in Plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight, in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom.
that is, on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness, Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life- not only the cyclist now, but the audience, the world, as well:" all you light-headed breed".
the < Poetics >, in affirming that all human arts are" modes of imitation", gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato.
the ambulance is drawn by two" charming" little horses.
the breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes.
the central concern of Erich Auerbach's impressive volume called < Mimesis > is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved.
the cyclist, a sufficiently commonplace young fellow, is not named but identified simply as" Life"- that and a license number, which Piepsam uses in addressing him.
the cyclist, by contrast, blond and blue-eyed, is simply unreflective, unproblematic Life," blithe and carefree".
the image of God has simply disappeared.
the image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery.
the monk Savonarola, brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century, protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M& Bluthenzweig;
the person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems.
the season, between spring and summer, belongs to life in its carefree aspect.
the two may in fact be identical.
the" reality" to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world.
their artistic rationale is given to the witness of unreason.
then an ambulance comes along, and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away.
these polar concerns ( imitation vs& formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time.
this is simple enough, but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant.
this passion brings on a fit which proves fatal.
this strange person quarrels with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad.
thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities, and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers.
we need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the solipsism and futility of pure formalism.
whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination, it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive, that they belong together.
without the decay of a sense of objective reference ( except as the imitation of mystery ), the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being.
## A dear, respected friend of mine, who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England, said to me not long ago:" I can n't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity".
) and was repealed.
), what voices would be left?
).
< complicity > is an embarrassing word.
> well, after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one's children into private schools, only the poor folks are left.
Calhoun dealt with this question in his" Disquisition on Government".
I 'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal- North < and > South- who is not affected personally.
I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children, the question of what their best interests really are.
I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi 's.
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected, who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith.
Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his" Second Inaugural" that God" gives to both North and South this terrible war, as the woe due to those by whom the offense came".
Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade.
Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in" Brother to Dragons":" the recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence", where innocence, I think, means about the same thing as redemption.
Southern Liberals ( there are a good many)- especially if they' re rich- often exhibit blithe insouciance.
a friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there, that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell.
a man must be able to say," Father, I have sinned", or there is no hope for him.
a recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale;
after how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance ) purified of taint?
and it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds, and has always found, the most racial friction.
and one finds it again in Thomas Nelson Page ) to the effect that the < Mayflower > on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves.
being a teacher of American literature, I remembered Whittier's" Massachusetts to Virginia", where he said:" but that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone, And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown".
but did n't they get off too easy?
circumstances alter cases.
emerson- Platonist, idealist, doctrinaire- sounded a high Transcendental note in his" Boston Hymn", delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause:" pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim.
he also spoke of" the wealth piled by the bondsman 's two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil".
he seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere.
how do we define it?
if there 's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood, there 's always New England.
if these people were denied a voice ( do they have a moral right to a voice?
is the consent of the governed a numerical majority?
it can be changed;
it has been, many times.
it ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently, too, for his audience, who could indulge in moral indignation without visible, or even conscious, discomfort, their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ).
it is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds.
it is something which most of us try to get out from under.
it is the abstractionism, the unrealism, of the pure idealist.
it would be interesting to know how much" integration" there is in the famous, fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England.
like the cowboy in Stephen Crane's" Blue Hotel", we run around crying," Well, I did n't do anything, did I"?
moreover, the law of the land is not irrevocable;
mr& Justice Taney's Dred Scott decision in 1857 was unpopular in the North, and soon became a dead letter.
new England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces, South as well as West.
one can meet with aloofness almost anywhere: the Thank-Heaven-We 're-not-Involved viewpoint, It Does n't Affect Us!
pay him"!
prohibition was the law of the land, but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days, drinking was so gay, so fashionable, especially in the sophisticated Northeast!
that is, about one-half of one per cent, which looks pretty" tokenish" to me, especially in an institution which professes to be" national".
that regional peculiarities do not still exist?
that the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region?
the Declaration of Independence says that" governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed".
the cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history.
the phrase" consent of the governed" needs a hard look.
the slave is owner, And ever was.
the slaves never shared in < their > profits, while they did share, in a very real sense, in the profits of the slave-owners: they were fed, clothed, doctored, and so forth;
the trouble here is that it 's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it does n't cost you anything.
there is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his" English Notebooks".
they may even enroll a colored student or two for show, though he usually turns out to be from Thailand, or any place other than the American South.
they were the beneficiaries of responsible, paternalistic care.
to guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority, Calhoun developed his theory of" concurrent majority", which, he said," by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government, a negative on the others, prevents all partial or local legislation".
whether historically a fact or not, the legend has a certain symbolic value.
who is involved < willy nilly?
who is the owner?
who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of" the consent of the governed"?
who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community?
you 've already sent your daughter to Miss X's select academy for girls and your son to Mr& Y's select academy for boys, and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity.
## Whether in prose or poetry, all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden.
< the Charles Men > consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories, each depicting a special phase of the general subject.
< the Charles Men > has a tremendous range of characters, of common folk even more than of major figures.
George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style.
Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory.
Heidenstam's conception, on the contrary, was to revive the present by the memories of the past.
Strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up.
a dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations:" not men-folk, but the fields where I would stray, The stones where as a child I used to play".
about one-third as long, it is less intimate and detailed, but better coordinated, more concise and more dramatic.
admirably written, it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries.
after the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous.
all his people ask for is no more war.
almost nothing is said of Charles' spectacular victories, the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat.
as he had longed to be, he became the echo of a saga.
but he plunges into yet another, this time with Norway, and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall, being only thirty-six years of age when he died.
by the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions.
each aspired to be a god in human form, but with each it was a different kind of god.
each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him.
each is still glorified as a national hero.
excellent in their way, they lack the wide appeal of < The Charles Men >, and need not detain us here.
from being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden.
from this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self.
he did not, however, find himself at once.
he did not, however, settle back into acquiescence with things as they were.
he finds it in utter misery and desolation.
he had become king at fifteen.
he is driven back by his yearning to the wintry homeland of his fathers in the forest of Tiveden".
he is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading.
he saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism, indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory.
hence the title of the book, referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king;
his cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present.
his ideal was Alexander of Macedon, as Napoleon's was Julius Caesar.
his next major work, completed in 1892, was a long fantastic epic in prose, entitled < Hans Alienus, > which Professor Bo^o^k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth.
his peculiar gift, as had been suggested before, is his intensity.
his purpose, however, was not to establish an empire, but to assert the principle of divine justice.
in scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy's < War and Peace >.
in" The King's Ride", Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia, regains his old self, escapes from Turkey, and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years.
it consists of fragmentary personal revelations, such as" The Spark":" there is a spark dwells deep within my soul.
it is different with his volume < The Swedes and Their Chieftains ( Svenskarna och deras ho^vdingar ), > a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students.
it slips away, it burns and tortures me.
like Napoleon, he was the worst of losers.
like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity.
of few authors is this more true than of Heidenstam.
on the fatal battlefield of Poltava, to quote from the novel," the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people".
slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral, the shrine of so many precious memories.
somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader, eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature.
that little spark is all the wealth I know, That little spark is my life's misery".
the career of Charles 12, is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon.
the first half of < The Charles Men, > ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in 1709, is more dramatically coherent than the second.
the general effect is tragic.
the guns are fired, the hymns are sung, and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors.
the hero, who is himself, is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East, a sort of Faustus type, who, to quote from Professor Bo^o^k again," even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life.
then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness.
then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling.
there are, however, some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part, concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity.
they comprise a great variety of scene and interest: grim episodes of war, idyllic interludes, superb canvases of world-shaking events, and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters.
this comes out in" When the Bells Ring", which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes.
this is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book," A Hero's Funeral", written in the form of an impassioned prose poem.
this restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden.
though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles 12,, the true hero is not finally the king himself.
to carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale.
to get it out into the daylight's glow Is my life's aim both first and last, the whole.
what he really wants is to find" a sacred cause" to which he can honestly devote himself.
with the first of a group of historical novels, < The Charles Men ( Karolinerna ) >, published in 1897-8, he achieved the masterpiece of his career.
## IN the modern English" whodunnit", this insinuation of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared.
## IT IS the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma.
Dashiell Hammett resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits.
Dashiell Hammett's < Red Harvest > provides a classic example of this theme.
Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits.
Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger, Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal.
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people;
Sam Spade joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon;
Watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his arch-opponent, Dr& Moriarty.
Wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house, and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with orchids.
a similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories, Dashiell Hammett 's < The Maltese Falcon >.
another, more interesting explanation, is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal.
as a word of caution, we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types, question, command, statement, or exclamation.
at first glance, this hero seems to be more rather than less of an individualist than any of his predecessors.
beaten, bruised and exhausted, he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals, always alone, always despised.
because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself, he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police.
but even when the police are honest, they do not trust the private eye.
but unlike Holmes, he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt.
but when the bird is found at last, it turns out to be a fake.
by monitoring, we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers.
by upholding his own personal code of behavior, the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption.
finally, in < The Maltese Falcon > among others, the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical conclusion: Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect.
for Hammer, nothing is forbidden.
for Sam Spade, neither crime nor virtue pays;
for example, suppose a man wearing a $200 watch, driving a 1959 Rolls Royce, stops to ask a man on the sidewalk," What time is it"?
frequently enough, the police are themselves in league with the killer;
great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network.
he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast.
he is, like Phillip Marlowe, too alienated to be reliable.
he kills when he pleases, takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge, jury and executioner rolled into one.
he must, in short, cease to be a detective and become a rebel.
his alienation is far more acute than Holmes';
his successors have adopted the opposite alternative.
his tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence.
if the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards, he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society.
in a society where everything is for sale, Marlowe is the only man who cannot be bought.
in either case, they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal.
in order to exonerate himself, he is compelled to find the real criminal, who happens to be his girl friend.
in order to save the mystery story, they have converted the private detective into an organization man.
in the American" hardboiled" detective story of the ' 20s and ' 30s, the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on.
in the end, he gets his man, but no one seems to care;
it is true that they are also extremely dull.
it will be shown that the < objectives > of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of < network > required, because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1.
just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective, so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both.
like Holmes, the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time.
linked to Holmes even in death, Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective, the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant.
more profound and more disturbing, however, is the moral isolation of Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe.
moreover, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two.
now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves, who is also the real murderer.
on the other hand, if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession, he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism.
surrounded by crime and violence everywhere, the" hardboiled" private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation.
that society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo, a potential criminal.
the first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
the first series of Sherlock Holmes adventures ends with Holmes and Moriarty grappling together on the edge of a cliff.
the great detective modestly agrees.
the latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care.
the latter's real descendents were unable to take root in England;
the two men resemble each other closely in their cunning, their egotism, their relentlessness.
their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a Sherlock Holmes.
they are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace.
they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic.
virtue is its own and only reward.
what was only a vague suspicion in the case of Sherlock Holmes now appears as a direct accusation: the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite.
with Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe, alienation is represented on a purely physical plane.
> I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism.
AMERICAN DEMOCRATIC THOUGHT, pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion, which he called the American Democratic Faith.
French Egalitarianism had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of Popularism.
I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law.
I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle, with its limited and precarious success, toward conservatism.
Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue.
_a TEAM FOR USEFUL RESEARCH._ This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated, although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient < specialists > of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss, for example, in precision machinery and mathematics, or the Finns in geochemistry.
a perceptive journalist, Sam Lubell, has phrased it in the title of one of his books as THE REVOLT OF THE MODERATES.
all of this, I know, is recent history familiar to you.
and I select this sentence as its pertinent summation:" in essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling- thus far with but limited and precarious success- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism".
and by the time the war ended, liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist.
and he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law.
and it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle, in his remarkable long essay, < The Heresy of Democracy >, and in a more general way by Voegelin, in his < New Science of Politics >, that this same Rousseauan idea, descending through European democracy, is the source of Marx's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat.
and let me add, utopianism, also.
and the USSR existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism, the ultimate exemplar.
and the common man was developing mythic power, or charisma, on his own.
and with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism.
but I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man, to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership.
but first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it.
but in every period it has been humanism".
but, for practical purposes, we have people who can be considered as such.
during the decade that followed, the common man, as that piece put it, grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science, to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow- that there was a chemical formula for him, and that too much could n't be expected of him.
during the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment- and the bitterest irony- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon: the atom bomb.
during the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal.
first, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist.
for example, there are persons who are in physical science, in the field of mineralogy, trained in crystallography, who use only X-rays, applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction, to clay minerals only, and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites;
furthermore, the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced.
he opens his discourse, however, with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents, all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age.
he points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1,, evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America.
he says:" beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress, as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism, should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy".
he specifies," In the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism, in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism.
he terms this early enthusiasm" Romantic Christianity" and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that" the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical Protestantism".
however, it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former.
in 1952, it will be remembered, the G&O&P& without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly.
it is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy.
it seemed to me that the liberals had scrapped the balanced polarity and reposed both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man.
it will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice.
let me quote him even more fully, for his analysis is important to my theme.
moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s, the dislocations of the Depression, the common ethos of Materialism everywhere, all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People.
not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare, where the surveillance, sending, transmitting, and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks.
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology, studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians.
questions and, particularly, exclamations are usually channeled along informal, horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor.
since the difficulty of drawing the net is great, we will merely discuss it.
so we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops, as contrasted to the generalist, who knows less and less about more and more.
some fourteen or fifteen years ago, in an essay I called < The Leader Follows- Where?
such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach.
that John Locke's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence, I believe, we generally accept.
that is to say Gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more.
the first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson.
the importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us, however.
the long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy, into a worship of man, led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State.
the riotous onrush of industrialism after the War for Southern Independence and the general secular drift to the Religion of Humanity, however, prepared the way for a reception of the French Revolution's socialistic offspring of one sort of another.
the show was colorful, indeed, exuberant, but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny.
the socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution, freedom from want and fear, seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution, or of the Jacksonian frontier.
then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight, an irrational, an indecent, an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally.
this is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War 2, and our great democratic victory that brought no peace.
this notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship.
this problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis.
those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around 1850.
we hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough < generalists > who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes.
we of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation.
we will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework, finally and at last, to rationalize war- to rationalize want and fear- out of the world: the United Nations.
what had happened to the common man?
yet, after Rousseau had given the < social contract > a new twist with his notion of the General Will, the same philosophy, it may be said, became the idea source of the French Revolution also.
#PROPRIETORSHIP# Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society;
< if we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system, how can we expect to abolish it internationally?
> #ONE KIND OF PROPRIETORSHIP# These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual, who, in turn, would help us to cope with runaway technology.
also, I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership, I would have been even abler to solve long-range problems for myself and my fellow-employees.
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests.
and no limitation is in evidence.
and our loss of" prestige" abroad is the direct result.
any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business, coupled with raising my family.
as a creative enterprise, its abilities are primarily in" swallowing" creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us, and almost mandatory ).
as to benefits to employees, it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services.
businesses must develop as a result of the ideas, energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within < one > mind.
but even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America, foreigners can;
but let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic.
but the pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life, will not stand close scrutiny.
but while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ), unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism, the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole.
certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so.
corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal, inhumane, shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated, a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public.
corporations react violently to short-range stimuli, e& g&, quarterly and annual dividend reports.
corporations should pay added taxes, to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ).
corporations, being more amorphous, cannot.
examples are in public utilities, making military aircraft and accessories, or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form, e&g& constructing major airports or dams.
first, let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times, now the corporation < per se > cannot take economic leadership.
from an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943, it has grown, with no additional capital investment, to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( < we > do n't disclose financial figures to the public ).
hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest.
ideally speaking, it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services, and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society.
if we want respect from ourselves or others, we will have to earn it.
in all other areas, private initiative of the" proprietorship" type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services.
in his stead is a milquetoast version known as" the corporation".
in my own company, in effect a partnership, although legally a corporation, I have been able to do many things for my employees which" normal" corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do.
individual < human > strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition.
it can project long-range goals for itself.
it serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that.
its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth;
its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham.
leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop.
men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied, complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now.
no amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts.
perhaps a list of some of the" practices" of my company will help here.
persons developed in to-day's corporations cannot hope to serve here- a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside.
proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity, representing a human personality, and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community.
proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control;
proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations, e& g& the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth.
so we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can, without regard to the needs of society, controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival.
socialism, I grant, has a definite place in our society.
some forms of capitalism do indeed work- superb organizations, a credit to any society.
strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent, as they are each a part of the whole.
strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship, if internally motivated, prevent a healthy relationship.
such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer, corporations cannot.
the battle is not easy.
the biggest loss, of course, was the individual 's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy.
the company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties, neither having a formal education applicable to, or experience in, manufacturing or selling our type of articles.
the corporation has a limited, specific place in our society.
the corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism, vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy.
the proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders.
the right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated.
their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world, an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies.
they were not diplomats or jazz musicians, or even organizers of reading-rooms and photo-montage displays, but rugged capitalist entrepreneurs like Henry Ford, Hugh Cooper, Thomas Campbell, the International Harvester Co&, and David W& Griffith.
this combined experience, on a foundation of very average, I assure you, intelligence and background, has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against.
this favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda **h" #CORPORATIONS NOW OUTMODED# Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the" rugged capitalist entrepreneur" no more exists in America.
thus, if corporations are not to run away with us, they must become quasi-governmental institutions, subject to public control and needs.
to perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore, and is basically anti-democratic.
we are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed, enlightened, competent leaders.
when the proprietor dies, the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it.
when we" forced" individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes, we adopted what I would term" pseudo-capitalism" and so took a major step toward socialism.
< the Leopard's Spots > came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in 1902, and in this he announced an" unchangeable" law.
Helen Deutsch informed us ( < The Psychology of Women >, Vol& 2,, 434 ) that in all cultures" the term ' stepmother ' automatically evokes deprecatory implications", a conclusion accepted by many.
Shakespeare's Shylock, too, is of dubious value in the modern world.
a successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together.
assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think, to examine any and all issues, and to speak without restraint.
but have the results been heartening?
but ideas, just for the sake of having them, are not enough.
but is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then, after stirring, expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result?
but is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems?
but it is a clumsy and wasteful process: it can produce negative results but not much that is positive.
but what a super-Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud-beplastered arguments used so freely, particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes, in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy.
by no means would we discourage the production of ideas: they provide raw materials with which to work;
children, conditioned by this mistaken notion, have feared stepmothers, while adults, by their antagonistic attitudes, have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one.
debate in the political arena can be productive of good.
debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one.
debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive.
false ideas surfeit another sector of our life.
for a time the President received hundreds of them every day, most of them worthless.
for answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists, the biologists, the historians, the psychologists, and the sociologists.
for several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship.
frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive.
he is out of place in our times.
his name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty.
ideas need to be tested, and not merely by argument and debate.
ideas, in and of themselves, are not necessarily the greatest good.
if a child had a single drop of Negro blood, he would revert to the ancestral line which, except as slaves under a superior race, had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years.
if he had been" liquidated" in some way, he would have become a martyr, a rallying point for people who shared his ideas.
in the 1930's, cures for the depression literally flooded Washington.
in the field of the natural sciences, scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results.
in the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage.
in the same vein, a certain short-story plot has been overworked.
in time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child.
in truth, we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy, who was finally exposed in full light to the American people.
is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it?
is there some magic in it that assures results?
it did not even provide the architect's plan for anything new.
it did something to clear the ground, but it erected no striking new structure;
let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong;
long ago they consigned the notions of Kyne and Dixon to the scrap heap.
man, we are told, is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad.
may we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security?
most assuredly ideas are invaluable.
no holds are barred.
our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument.
research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one.
research, on the other hand, has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful, some far better than the real mothers.
that doctrine has been accepted by many, but has it produced good results?
that is questionable, to say the least.
the President's personality would have opened that office to him.
the merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials, but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children.
the son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails.
the stepmother, almost without exception, has been presented as a cruel ogress.
they provide stimulations that lead to further production.
we are reminded, however, that freedom of thought and discussion, the unfettered exchange of ideas, is basic under our form of government.
we have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory.
we must not forget, to be sure, that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results.
we would establish no censorship.
what of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion?
when Peter B& Kyne ( < Pride of Palomar >, 43 ) informed us in 1921 that we had an < instinctive > dislike for the Japanese, did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition?
when some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer, for instance, we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign.
will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity?
will his words come to be treasured and quoted through the years?
will mere debate on that proposition, even though it be free and untrammeled, remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold?
would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart?
Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such, and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision.
Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable, healthy community.
a number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process.
an existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as" esse", as existence without substance.
an interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence.
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language interacts with the other two.
and the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself.
at that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously" fate", or" destiny", or" providence", and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society.
at that point we reach the" closed" historical situation: the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a < status quo ante >.
but because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it, we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction, in the sphere of politics, on which decisions hang.
change involves the displacement of form.
civilization is what man has made of himself.
civilization itself- tradition- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused.
for paradigmatic history" breaks" rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder, and not from one order to a new order.
for the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the disrupting community.
for the truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community, nor does any answer elaborated by philosophers or theoriticians.
for this change is not a change from one positive position to another, but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation.
further, change is a form of motion, it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change.
he must, consequently, exist as a self-perceived substantive, developing agent, or he does not exist as man.
he needs existential completion, he needs, that is, to move in the direction of completion.
if the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation.
if we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two, one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke.
in his recent evaluation of Kennedy's potentialities for leadership, Walter Lippmann has cited the" precision" of his mind, his" immense command" of factual detail, and his" instinct for the crucial point" as impressive in the extreme;
in the case of social decay, form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process.
in this phase of change, no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community.
indeed, it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins.
it has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances.
it is not enough for man to be an ontological esse.
its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man, since he is always incomplete, to complete himself.
its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men, who are its" matter", tradition, the" form" of society exists only as a shared perception of truth.
of all forms of being, society, or community, has the greatest element of determinability.
on the most primitive level.
only recently, and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail, have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics.
precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself.
rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society.
rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration.
relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases.
the capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact, and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership.
the civilizational crisis, the third type of change raises the question" what are we to do"?
the content of that psychological status determines, ultimately, the content of civilization.
the division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change.
the first involves a simple shift of interests in the society.
the first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society.
the liberal-conservative division, we might observe in passing, is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups.
the liberal-conservative split, to define it further, derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification.
the making of distinctions, like the perception of the great distinctions made, is an inordinately difficult business.
the ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological-intellectual-volitional status of society's members.
the reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change.
the second involves something deeper, but its characteristic form focuses on a shift in policy for the community, not in the truth on which the community rests.
the third type, however, wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence.
the very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader.
there is no socially existential answer to the question.
there the community, faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice, can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced.
these ways are absolutely irreconcilable because they offer two different recipes for man's redemption from chaos.
this happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself, of a nature that, in Maritain's words, is perceived as a" locus of intelligible necessities".
this means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being.
this, however, cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent: it has no absolute standard, and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the contingent.
those social, civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group, ultimately cease to exist.
thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level.
thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself, and its phenomenological life.
thus with regard to the loss of tradition, in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul, a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent, but no longer as a man.
thus, it is no mystical intuition, but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can" fall out of existence".
when disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order, the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return.
with regard to the change we are examining, the question is, at what point does the change become irreversible?
" the Rocking Horse Winner" is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader- but we do not know why.
" the Rocking Horse Winner" is also a story about a boy's love for his mother.
#
Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister, the twins Sibylla and Wiligis.
Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle, delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him.
Grigorss, at seventeen, learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins.
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects.
I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by Lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood.
I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did.
I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature.
Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell.
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled.
Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband, and the identities of mother and son are revealed.
Thomas Mann wrote < The Holy Sinner > in 1951.
a perfect symbol.
an ivory tablet in the infant's cask recounts the story of his sinful origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a monastery in the fishing village.
and if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy.
and when he retold the legend of Gregorius he interpolated a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language;
and when the child dies in Lawrence's story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich, the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all.
but < The Holy Sinner > is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment.
but a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth, the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness.
but on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story.
for this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love, doomed by its nature.
he borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own.
he chose a medieval legend of incest, Gregorius vom Stein, and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West, mixing themes, language, peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves, as in his previous treatment of Joseph.
he has been seduced by the marvels of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character.
he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights.
he is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast adrift soon after birth.
he was simply writing a story that wanted to be told, and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged.
he would not have cared why it emerged, he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy.
his sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibylla's domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors.
how does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader?
if I now risk some comparisons with < Sons and Lovers > let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits;
if many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior, that the ego is still the executive agency of personality, and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego.
in both the farmer's tale in Ralph Ellison's < Invisible Man > and in Thomas Mann 's < The Holy Sinner >, the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive;
in our own time we have seen that the novelist's debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage.
it 's easy to see why.
it conceals and yet is suggestive;
it is most probable that Freud and the Oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story.
it is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother.
it was conceived as a leave-taking, a kind of melancholy gathering-in of the myths of the West," < bevor die Nacht sinkt, eine lange Nacht vielleicht und ein tiefes Vergessen >".
it was, of course, a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself, and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like- but if it were only this the story would be banal.
moral dread is seen as the other face of desire, and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity.
the ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies, but the myth fails before the modern truth;
the child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside.
the child grows rich on his winnings and conspires with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother.
the heroic act is the casting off of pretense.
the infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him.
the novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces.
the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true.
the rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present;
the rocking is actually felt in the story, a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy.
the rocking, I realized, is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message, the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit.
the story ends in the child's illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother.
the young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge;
there are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse.
there is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth.
this love belongs to childhood;
we accord it its place there, and in Lawrence's treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child, in fact, the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood.
we are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend, while the incestuous love of the man, Paul Morel, sometimes repels.
we have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion.
which brings to mind another Lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme.
while they move through the pageantry of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through not-knowing, they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner.
why does the story affect us?
Arp protested:" but it is impossible!
Duclos ran toward Desprez with fists raised.
Faulkner is a most untraditional traditionalist.
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr& O 'Donnell implies that it is.
Faulkner's total works today, and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr& Cowley made his comment, or in 1939, when Mr& O 'Donnell wrote his essay, reveal no such simple attitude toward the South.
Finot held a wallet with my money and papers;
Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13,, Stettin, as to his own fierce will and love of life.
Helion, however, clung to the belief that" in escaping from the Stalag I had also escaped from Abstraction".
I left behind me brave men, whom captivity had robbed of all hope.
Marquet held my briefcase;
Moineau and David held nothing but their fingers **h They felt rough and kind and warm.
after that, he declared," to return to freedom was to fall to one's knees before the real world and adore it".
among them are Frederick J& Hoffman, William Van O 'Connor, and Mrs& Olga Vickery.
and the author, who seemed the embodiment of France 's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors, was much complimented for his daring military action.
and, after all, he has lived comfortably at both Oxford, Mississippi, and Charlottesville, Virginia.
and, he added:" during the many months in prison camp, all abstract images vanished from my mind".
as Helion wrote afterward:" Their sentry followed **h Four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me.
at this moment the volley-ball hit the ground.
before leaving for America, he happened to see his old friend Jean Arp and confided to him his new resolutions.
besides showing no inclination, apparently, to absent himself from his native region even for short periods, and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region, he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years.
between 1944 and 1947 Helion had a series of one-man shows- at the Paul Rosenberg Gallery in New York and in Paris- of his new realistic pictures.
but when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp, they paid him no compliments and drew long faces.
during long weeks the plan for his flight was rehearsed.
even the most rational of men, under great stress, may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics.
every morning contingents of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories.
everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old masters".
he and also Mr& Cowley and Mr& Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors- Nathaniel Hawthorne, for example, and Herman Melville- protests against modernism, material progress, and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs.
he has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern.
he is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social, cultural, or literary traditions than he was within the traditions- or possibly the regulations- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford, Mississippi, thirty-five years ago.
he wrote:" To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind;
his denials of extensive reading notwithstanding, it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South.
his own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South, implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation.
how much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape.
if he condemns the recent or the present, he condemns the past with no less force.
if he is a traditionalist, he is an eclectic traditionalist.
if he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen, he sees also- and he shows- the blind and the mean, and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within.
if the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes, who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness, the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4,.
important as was Mr& O'Donnell's essay, his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has.
in prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life, his guards, his companions in misery.
in the prison camp's Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him;
it is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge.
it is to say rather, I believe, that he has brought to bear on the history, the traditions, and the lore of his region a critical, skeptical mind- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique.
it was a time of revelations for him.
it was very widely read, too;
it would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family.
not only loathing of captivity, but a faith, a hope that is even stronger.
now all his desires centered on" rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence".
one evening, while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there, a simulated melee was staged- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work.
one of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette;
others were of men doffing their hats to each other, carrying umbrellas with pomp, reading newspapers, or simply showing loaves of bread spread out.
others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase" traditional moralist" either inadequate or misleading.
riding trains, hitching hikes on trucks across Germany, slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides, he eventually reached Vichy France, and, by the winter of 1943, was back in Virginia.
some of us might be inclined to argue, in fact, that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation, either mental or physical, are particularly Southern traits.
that is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions, of course, that he is steeped in them, in fact, or that he has dealt with them, in his books.
the fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern, I rather think, for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity.
the guards all rushed up to intervene **h" Shedding his prison cloak, Helion shot through the gates, now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker.
the young William Faulkner in New Orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist Hamilton Basso as obviously conscious of being a Southerner, and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so.
there is no necessity, I suppose, to assert that Mr& Faulkner is Southern.
these new pictures focussed on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most, hence associated with the sense of lost freedom: the cafe at the corner, the newspaper kiosk, the girls in doorways and windows along the street, the golden-crusted French bread they lacked, the cigarettes denied them.
they have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough, I believe, in pointing out Faulkner's independence, his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition.
they reincarnated the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's.
they too loved their families, longed for their villages: yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare **h the fearful chance of escape".
to believe otherwise would be unrealistic.
while convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape, entitled: < they Shall Not Have Me > **h Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton + Co& of New York, in 1943, the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2, from the French side.
**h although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to" free private enterprise"," individual initiative"," the democratic way"," government of the people"," competition of the marketplace", etc&, we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas, bureaucracy is corroding representative government, technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions, and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground".
< the > obvious natural fact to ancient thinkers was the diurnal rotation of the heavens.
< the Agreeable Autocracies > is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today.
> they tell us, sir, that we are free, because we have in one hand a ballot, and in the other a stock certificate.
Copernicus did not question it, Ptolemy could not.
a characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in Joseph P& Lyford's introduction to < The Agreeable Autocracies, > a recent paperback study of the institutions of modern democratic society.
after casting about for a way of describing this spirit, we decided that it would be better to use Mr& Lyford's introduction as an illustration.
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting- if he votes at all".
approaching shore their masts appeared first.
as early as the 6,th century B&C& the earth was seen to be spherical.
as things turned out, however, we have not profited greatly from the lesson: instead of persistently following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment.
but however we come, finally, to explain and account for the present, the truth we are trying to expose, right now, is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises.
earth, being at the center of the universe, would have the same shape as the latter;
first, the observational reasons.
given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived, how could anyone have questioned this principle?
going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, in Santa Barbara.
he begins:" At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations.
how would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading < Factories in the Field?
if our sincerity is granted, and it is granted, the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination.
in an ideological argument, the participants tend to thump the table.
it does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National Purpose.
moreover, the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle;
mr& Lyford continues:" Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society.
mr& Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents, we think, an achieved plateau of reflective thinking.
mr& Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State, and an American President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic".
no doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century.
nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights.
not only did constellations like Draco, Cepheus, and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole, but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night.
of one thing we can be sure: they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the" free society".
on occasion it produces extraordinary novelties.
one thing you can say about Mr& Lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American.
only the strong look squarely at weakness.
ships disappear hull-first over the horizon;
shocked at the response to our proclamations, we grow more defensive, and worse, we lose our sense of humor and proportion.
should Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television, atomic energy, and IBM machines?
since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot, the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government.
so, e&g& did Aristotle argue, although this may not be an < observational > reason in favor of circularity.
such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin, but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world.
the Introduction continues:" We experience a vague uneasiness about events, a suspicion that our political and economic institutions, like the genie in the bottle, have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them.
the conclusion- the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular.
the defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit, our tendency to rate the" goodness" or" badness" of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves.
the discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things.
the discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great, and it does not escape the notice of others.
the host is the flowing life of the human race.
the interesting thing about Mr& Lyford's approach, and the approach of the contributors to < The Agreeable Autocracies > ( Oceana Publications, 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization, is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life.
the maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood.
the men who speculate on these institutions have, for the most part, come to at least one common conclusion: that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature, and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world".
the new spirit, so well illustrated by Mr& Lyford's work, is wholly free of this anxiety.
the picture is the more treacherous when it misrepresents the facts of American life.
the problem is rather to find out what is actually happening, and this is especially difficult for the reason that" we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present, sometimes by the very agencies- our educational system, our mass media, our statesmen- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves".
the reality of the situation, however, is described by Mr& Lyford:" Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts.
the reasons for this are partly observational, partly philosophical, and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors.
the stockholder delivers his proxy;
these institutions which Mr& Lyford names" agreeable autocracies"- where did they come from?
they are determined to < prove > something.
this is the good kind of sophistication, and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has flowered in the United States during recent years.
this life has its own currents and rhythms, its own multiple cycles and adaptations.
this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon.
those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination.
thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall;
we feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set, but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us, we can hardly learn to control them.
we would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries.
what is more, the legends have become so sacrosanct that the very habit of self-examination or self-criticism smells of low treason, and men who practice it are defeatists and unpatriotic scoundrels.
with these we shape our destiny and own private property, and that, sir, makes ours the best of all possible societies.
**h One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive, and women as submissive and yielding, that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned, and we condemn the woman as a coquette **h.
1543 A&D& is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution.
< de Revolutionibus > is not just a collection of facts and techniques.
> no.
Copernicus required a systematically integrated, physically intelligible astronomy.
Copernicus, to an extent unachieved by Ptolemy, approximated to Euclid's vision.
Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing, as the born writer does, not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation, insight and intuition.
Henrietta's feeling of identity with Sara Sullam was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Sara's epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as" the Sulamite".
analogously, anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's, must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists, while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts.
and although it was a school for men only, it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures.
and she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the < Hanukkah > festival which came in December.
and since they in no way match each other, the result would be a monster rather than a man".
and, in the last case, a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature **h".
another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home.
but ' simplicity ' here refers to < systematic simplicity >.
but no single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time.
but, considered within technical astronomy, a different pattern can be traced.
by her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a < Life of Dickens > as a spur to her aspiration.
calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations.
dr& Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the < Century > Magazine or < Harper's > but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in < The Messenger, >" so our readers will be benefited instead".
geocentricism < per se?
granted, the cosmological, philosophical, and cultural reverberations initiated by the < De Revolutionibus > were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow.
he did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution.
hence, noting the simplicity achieved in Copernicus' formulation does not provide < another > reason for the acceptance of < De Revolutionibus, > another reason beyond its systematic superiority.
his feeling always exacted sacrifices from her.
his objective was, essentially, to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends.
in September ' 76 Thomas Huxley, Darwin's famous disciple, came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University;
in a sense, Einstein's theory < is > simpler than Newton's, and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus' theory is simpler than Ptolemy's.
in any case but the last, such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual;
in the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students, and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study, and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel, who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings.
in what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist?
into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta, as every artist delights to do, wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair- into the relations of men and women:" in their relations, she was the giver and he the receiver, nay the demander.
it is an organized system of these things.
it is really the funeral day of scholastic science.
it provides exactly < the same > reason.
it was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district, with only a few professors, but all eminent men, and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings.
one who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy, overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger.
she had the opportunity that few clever women can resist, of showing her superiority in argument over a man **h.
she was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done.
solving astronomical problems requires, for Copernicus, not a random search of unrelated tables, but a regular employment of the rules defining the entire discipline.
that such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered < de novo > by Copernicus.
the axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully, so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms, rules, and primitive notions.
the critical, rigorous examinations of Nicholas of Cusa and Nicholas of Oresme provided the context ( a late medieval context ) for Nicholas Copernicus' own work.
the formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' < primary > concern, was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy, namely, the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points: one center from which the planet's distances were calculated, another around which planetary velocities were computed, and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated.
the latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies.
the latter required juggling several elements simultaneously.
the lower-level hypotheses are never ' ad hoc ', never introduced < ex post facto > just to sweep up within the theory some recalcitrant datum.
the moral powers no more than the physical and mental, can bear overstraining.
the number of primitive ideas in systematically-simple theories is reduced to a minimum.
the strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this: ideally, the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory.
the very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts;
there are in the < Almagest > no rules for determining < in advance > whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar, solar, or planetary behavior.
these could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time.
this arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous:" with [ the Ptolemaists ] it is as though an artist were to gather the hands, feet, head and other members for his images from divers models, each part excellently drawn, but not related to a single body;
this characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry, but not Ptolemy's astronomy.
this is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems.
this was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within Ptolemy's astronomy.
this, of course, results from the non-systematic, ' cellular ' character of Ptolemaic theory.
thus, in no ordinary sense of ' simplicity ' is the Ptolemaic theory simpler than the Copernican.
under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field, but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience.
usually, this is most exasperating to men, who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex, and when she does not, immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly **h.
what in the < Almagest > draws his fire?
without abandoning too much, Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable.
women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world, and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will, even when their affections are withheld **h.
" Madame Noel, I think you had better go", said Mrs& Cupply.
" and I think < you > had better leave", replied Miriam.
" cut off every building at the seventh floor.
" take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the Loop", Wright said.
" that is n't a boulevard, it 's a racetrack"!
" this is a horrible way to live", Wright went on.
" you are being strangled by traffic".
' I think you had better leave '!
Billy Koch, who had once worked for Wright as a chauffeur, gave a deposition for Miriam's use that he had seen Olgivanna living at Taliesin.
Miriam Noel Wright said," Here I am at my own home, locked out so I must stand in the road"!
Miriam Noel disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor, and appointed a heavy-faced young man named Harold Jackson to take his place.
Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly, but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked, one morning on arrival in Chicago, what he thought of the city as a whole.
Miriam now ordered Pengally to break down the gate, but he said he really could n't go that far.
Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate, and William Weston, now the estate foreman, came out to parley.
Wright set his loss at $200,000, a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined, and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed.
a series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time;
a storm did take place that night, and fortunately enough, it included a cloudburst that helped put out the flames.
a troop of reporters brought up the rear.
after all, that 's the job of the architect- to give the world a little joy".
amid a shortage of profitable work, the memory of Albert Johnson 's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur- the money had quickly melted away.
and during the unhappy time, Miriam often would charge that Wright and Olgivanna were misdemeanants against the public order of Wisconsin.
and it gave Miriam Noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art.
and now there was some question as to his continued residence there.
and the question before these meetings was, here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power;
and this is my own home".
as he made plans for the new Taliesin, Wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths, and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp.
as if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all, Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him;
at any rate, heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes, and fused the K 'ang-si pottery to cinders.
at this point Mrs& Frances Cupply, one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife, came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a NO VISITORS sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock.
at this time Miriam Noel appeared, urging on Constable Henry Pengally, whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood.
but surely Michigan Avenue was handsome?
cried Wright, showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as the 1920's.
first, Wright said, he was choked by the smoke, which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town.
he said that Mr& Wright was not in, and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air.
he was then asked for a solution of the difficulty, and began to talk trenchant sense, though private anguish showed through in the vehemence of his manner.
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do?
if you cut down these horrible buildings you 'll have no more traffic jams.
in spite of the disaster, Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort, in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees- a project of great and appropriate charm, that came to nothing.
in the silence that followed, Miriam walked close to Mrs& Cupply, who drew back a step on her side of the gate.
later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire;
little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925, when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin.
one of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare, on a beautiful day in June.
she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska, the Fighting Liberal, from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard.
spread everything out.
the animosity expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural force;
the first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning, as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament.
the misery of Miriam's bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case- it was hopeless, agonizing, and destructive, with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain.
then she rounded on Weston and cried," You always did Wright's dirty work!
then, after overtures to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce, Miriam gave a ghastly echo of Mrs& Micawber by suddenly stating," I will never leave Mr& Wright".
then, with staring eyes and lips drawn thin, Miriam said to the young woman," You are ugly- uglier than you used to be, and you were always very ugly.
there were three years of this strange warfare;
this might put Wright in such a bad light before a court that Miriam would be awarded Taliesin;
this showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle.
to get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna, we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person.
turning to the reporters, she asked," Did you hear her?
under this kind of pressure, it is not surprising that Wright would make sweeping statements to the newspapers.
when I take over Taliesin, the first thing I 'll do is fire you".
while this was under consideration, dauntless as ever Wright set about the building of Taliesin 3,.
years were to pass before these plans came off the paper, and Wright was justified in thinking, as the projects failed, that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin.
yet somehow, when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants, they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home.
you 'll have some joy in the life of this city.
you 'll have trees again.
you are even uglier than Mr& Wright".
you do n't need concentration.
" a portable companion always ready to go where you go- a small friend weighing less than a freshborn infant- to be shared with few or many- just two of you in sweet meditation".
#SCHOPENHAUER NEVER LEARNED# Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer.
Carl had n't brought his along.
Carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument.
I am certain that Carl Sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy.
I found that this precocious, grown-up boy of 74 deserved to be taught.
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you, but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved, through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing, nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking, let alone with love.
I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it;
Segovia has written about Carl:" his fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in disciplining them.
a lady, you made clear to me both by precept and example, never raised her voice or slumped in her chair, never failed in social tact ( in heaven, for instance, would not mention St& John the Baptist's head ), never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company, never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture, never indulged in public scenes or private confidences, never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering, never gossiped or maligned, never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself.
after he had finished the first two volumes of his < Lincoln >, Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him.
although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain, people say, who have found in the innocent an impediment ), it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks.
as Sandburg said at the time:" it is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the Appalachian Mountains, it is as modern as skyscrapers, the Volstead Act, and the latest oil well gusher".
at age seventy-four, he became what he shyly terms a" pupil" of Andres Segovia, the great guitarist of the Western world.
before being daughter, wife, or mother, before being cultured ( a word now bereft both socially and politically of the sheen you children of frontiersmen bestowed on it ), before being sorry for the poor, progressive about public health, and prettily if somewhat imprecisely humanitarian, indeed first and foremost, you were a lady.
but I insist upon believing that even when it is lost, it may, like paradise, be regained.
but I will not skip it or cut it out.
but the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless.
but to me innocence is far less tangible.
but when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust, innocence can falter, since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it.
cut it out".
each song or ditty was prefaced by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had, musical arrangement, and most of the chorus and verses.
even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks, he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes.
first, Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully.
for innocence, of all the graces of the spirit, is I believe the one most to be prayed for.
he has his own system of shorthand, devised by abbreviations:" humility" will be" humly"," with" will be" w", and" that" will be" tt".
he is proud of having Segovia for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled" The Guitar".
he rummaged, found composers and arrangers, collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians, ballad singers, and musicologists.
helpless in that sense I can never be again.
here, if anywhere, it is not wholly incontrovertible.
however, I confess my hope that I will be innocent again, not with a pristine, accidental innocence, but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone.
however, it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking, but of perhaps the frailest and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love.
if to be innocent is to be helpless, then I had been- as are we all- helpless at the start.
in due time Sandburg was a walking thesaurus of American folk music.
instinctively, innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by.
it assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best, and when they seem worst it overlooks them.
it is a mistake, however, to imagine that Sandburg uses the guitar as a prop. he is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated, humble, and bashful apostle of this instrument.
it is not easy to become Segovia's pupil.
it is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim moored to the rock of experience and left to the buffetings of chance.
just as in the case of every prodigy child, we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him.
moreover, because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part, and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow, what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person, what you bent your whole will, sensibility, and intelligence upon, was to be a lady.
nor does Carl reject this identity.
often these listeners would refer Sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or ditties.
one cause of Schopenhauer's pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar.
one needs high talent.
the < New York Herald Tribune's > photographer, Ira Rosenberg, tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of Carl playing a guitar.
the book, published in 1927, has been selling steadily ever since.
the heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life- with or without the guitar".
the innocence of which I speak is, I know, not incorruptible.
the public's identification of Carl Sandburg and the guitar is no happenstance.
the result was a collection of 280 songs, ballads, ditties, brought together from all regions of America, more than one hundred never before published: < the American Songbag >.
the second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar.
the songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a kindred character they knew entirely or in fragments.
there has long existed a brotherly affection between us, thus I accepted him as my pupil.
there was, of course, more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the < sine qua non > of her virtue.
to innocence, a word given is a word that will be kept.
to play the guitar as he aspires will devour his three-fold energy as a historian, a poet and a singer.
to you, for instance, the word innocence, in this connotation, probably retained its Biblical, or should I say technical sense, and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost- or rather handed over- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled, and in fact by oath required, to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had.
today, these many years later, after all the temptations resisted or yielded to, the weasel satisfactions and the engulfing dissatisfactions since endured, I call it corrupting still.
two things contribute to his popularity.
with each song he gave verbal footnotes.
you had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the < noli me tangere > writ plain across her face.
you, I could swear to it, remained innocent in this sense until the end.
yours, but not mine, was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully- if not perhaps altogether innocently- preserved.
" and besides, Thorstein Veblen was one of the Chicago professors".
## We and our friends are, of course, concerned with self-defense.
( after graduation from the University of Chicago, Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City, North Dakota, then two years at Princeton ( Illinois ) Township High School.
) by the time the streetcar pulled away, he had fallen in love with Paula.
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence.
Carl and Paula met in Milwaukee in 1907 during Paula's Christmas holiday visit to her parents.
Carl was still Charles A& Sandburg.
Carl, who was stationed in Appleton, Wisconsin, organizing for the Social Democrats, was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar.
I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress.
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that, in our own and free world interest, we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions, as expressed in their different multi-year plans.
I shall continue to urge the American people, in the interests of their own security, prosperity and peace, to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported.
Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters, dated February 21, 1908, Hotel Athearn, Oshkosh, Wisconsin:" dear Miss Steichen: it is a very good letter you send me- softens the intensity of this guerilla warfare I am carrying on up here.
Paula says that even though Carl's letters usually began," Dear Miss Steichen", there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife.
Victor Berger, the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress, had asked Paula Steichen to translate some of his German editorials into English.
a common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort.
a letter awaited her at Princeton.
a rich nation can for a time, without noticeable damage to itself, pursue a course of self-indulgence, making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations.
a satisfaction in hard work;
at the University of Chicago she studied Whitman and Shelley, and became a Socialist.
because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed.
but the enmities it will incur, the isolation into which it will descend, and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered, will, in the long term, bring it to economic and political disaster.
but they must have technical and investment assistance.
but, just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years, so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help.
by the same token, we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion.
certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation;
continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would, over time, impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World.
during the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western nations.
free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom.
further, we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate.
growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress, in freedom, of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations.
he" legitimized" Paula for Lilian Steichen, and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for Charles.
her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial: adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy;
here, in two nations alone, are almost five hundred million people, all working, and working hard, to raise their standards, and in doing so, to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty.
in 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars.
in recent years America's partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great economic progress.
moreover, progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned;
never until in this work of S- D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a < Teacher >.
new Nations, and others struggling with the problems of development, will progress only- regardless of any outside help- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it.
no longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries.
not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries;
now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort.
other countries, some of which I visited last month, have similar needs.
our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas, to finance private investment, and to provide assistance to the less developed nations.
respecting their need, one of the major focal points of our concern is the South-Asian region.
she left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton, Illinois.
she once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee.
she passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois, but during the year at Urbana felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago.
socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth, not only because of her dedication but because of her fluency in German, French, and Luxemburg.
the United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice.
the courage to meet every challenge;
the goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World, especially private investment capital.
the immediate need for this kind of co-operation is underscored by the strain in this nation's international balance of payments.
the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests.
the international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years.
the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes;
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane.
these peoples, desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not, by our neglect, be forced to seek help from, and finally become virtual satellites of, those who proclaim their hostility to freedom.
this co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade.
this is a problem to be solved not by America alone, but also by every nation cherishing the same ideals and in position to provide help.
through the World Bank and other instrumentalities, as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help, we must squarely face this titanic challenge.
to remain secure and prosperous themselves, wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope, confidence, and progress.
to us and to every nation of the Free World, rich or poor, these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security, prosperity and peace.
we must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade.
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them.
" I 've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties, so I know what a problem he was".
" I think our report sums up our finding", Gross answered.
" I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end.
" do n't forget, here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report **h.
" for instance, regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation.
" how about your press conference three days later- what was the reason for that?
" it was n't necessarily all here in New York.
" listen", he said.
" mr& Gross, your report says that ' our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr& Bang-Jensen's rights as a staff member '.
" the entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list, since many in the press were querying the U&N& about it.
" the reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list.
" then what about the second interim public announcement?
" this is a distressing thing.
" this was not merely alleging errors, but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos, written charges of serious consequence **h.
" we have nothing to hide under a bushel.
" well, as a matter of fact, I 've looked through back-issue files of New York papers for December, 1957, and have n't found a great deal"- Gross shot another look at Marshall.
" well, how could that have been?
" what I 'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee".
" what did you think about his mental state"?
" what do you mean"?
" yes", Gross went on," Bang-Jensen was an up-and-coming young man.
" you know", the lawyer said," it 's difficult to talk like this about a man who can n't answer back".
##" Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up, Bang-Jensen was a fine and devoted individual.
Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term ' aberrant conduct ' was not libelous.
Ernest A& Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had, on December 4,1957, called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct" relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary".
Gross 's being" outside" the U&N& applied only to a physical state, not an objective one.
Hammarskjold 's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of Ernest Gross is illusion, at best.
I do n't consider that he was prejudged.
I do n't know.
I had known him for some years, when I was a delegate and before, and this manner had never been his".
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs.
as far as I 'm concerned, it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct.
but by the time the papers were finally disposed of, the group had informed the world of its purpose, its recommendations, and its belief that Paul Bang-Jensen was not of sound mind.
but you know Bang-Jensen launched an active campaign against us in the press.
do n't forget the foreign press".
for an instant he glared speechless at Marshall.
gross bristled.
gross had received Marshall courteously and they were discussing the case.
gross paused and repeated himself.
gross swung his swivel chair.
gross was behind a clean-top desk, only a manila folder before him.
he claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position '".
he claimed you made other slanderous allegations".
he had always done well.
he knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence.
he was right, and Peter Marshall could not help but recall Andrew Cordier's words on the subject," Well, it seemed as good a place as any to do the job".
in his own words, Bang-Jensen ' took it for granted that the Group would report to the Secretary General privately and not in public '.
it was getting so that we, the Committee, were being tried.
never well known, but he had done his work competently **h".
no organization can carry on like that.
outside the office windows, twenty-four stories above Wall Street, a light rain was falling.
shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General, recommending Paul Bang-Jensen's dismissal from the United Nations.
supposing you or I were being accused in this manner, and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work.
the Gross group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General.
the January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the list- the papers- in the presence of a U&N& Security Officer".
the contents of this 195-page document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about.
the result was the" Gross Report", prepared by Gross, as chairman, with the assistance of two U&N& Under Secretaries, Constantin Stavropoulos and Philippe de Seynes.
this cited Bang-Jensen's ' aberrant conduct '".
we did our job, Mr& Stavropoulos and Mr& de Seynes and myself, taking evidence from a number of people".
we were given a job and we carried it out, and later, his case was taken up by the Disciplinary Committee **h.
what was the list?
you can find it in the papers".
you know Bang-Jensen was told the Committee was ' to convey its views, suggestions and recommendations to the Secretary General '.
you know, Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case".
" everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home, I loathed the most here", Ann noted.
" he looks as feminine as you can imagine", she decided.
" if you become a Baptist, I will not", Ann informed her husband, but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself.
Ann thrilled to the sight of a delicate butterfly and two strange tropical birds.
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance.
Ann was very troubled.
Baptists and Congregationalists in New England were on friendly terms.
Captain Heard did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain.
Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters.
I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming, oh, what a luxury.
I have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the vessel, and the almost intolerable smell after the rain, that I have done little more than lounge on the bed for several days.
John the Baptist used total immersion in the River Jordan for believers;
a little man with a" a dark copper color" skin, he was wearing" calico trousers and a white cotton short gown".
a rope was found and, like children in school, the missionaries skipped for hours at a time.
alas, to Ann's consternation, his language while thus employed left much to be desired.
all day long the < Caravan > slowly made her way through the difficult passages.
and the waves threatening to swallow up the vessel;
and yet remain unmoved".
as for Adoniram, she found him to be" the kindest" of husbands.
as warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water.
as was only natural he confided his searchings to Ann, conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the Baptists right.
at last they concluded that the heavy, full feeling in their stomachs was due to lack of exercise.
at this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her mother:" I care not how soon we reach Calcutta, and are placed in a still room, with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread.
born a Congregationalist, he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head, yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling.
but I have been blest with excellent spirits, and to-day have been running about the deck, and < dancing > in our room for < exercise >, as well as ever".
but I hear the thunder roll;
by early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon, by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers.
by now she was sure she was going to have a baby, deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November.
by this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband, yet the uncomfortable fact remained: the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their salaries.
even Christ was baptized by this method.
even Harriet could boldly write," I know not how it is;
even the first wave of homesickness had passed, although there were moments when Captain Heard pointed out on his compass the direction of Bradford that she felt a little twinge at her heart.
finally, tiring of so monotonous a form of exercise, they decided to dance instead.
he had brought it along to continue during the voyage.
he swore so loudly at the top of his voice, that she did n't get any sleep all the next night.
how embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed Congregationalist missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace Baptist teachings!
in spite of Pickering Dodge's explicit instructions regarding variation of meals, the food did not seem the same as at home.
it was much more fun, reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford.
land was near, and on June 12, one hundred and fourteen days after leaving America, they actually saw, twenty miles away, the coast of Orissa.
next day a ship arrived with an English pilot, his leadsman, an English youth, and the first Hindu the Judsons and Newells had ever seen.
next morning the < Caravan > was out of the treacherous Bay.
on Sundays, with the permission of Captain Heard, who usually attended with two of his officers, services were held in the double cabin.
relieved of the major part of his responsibility for the safety of the ship, the pilot's oaths became fewer.
see the lightning flash;
she could not face coffee or tea without milk, and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship.
she was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land.
she was now enjoying the voyage very much.
she wrote in her journal," I have not heard the least profane language since I have been on board the vessel.
skipping was the alternative.
sometimes a ship would be sighted and the < Caravan > pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck.
sometimes ships waited for days for such a man, but Captain Heard was lucky.
the crew of the < Caravan > never failed to amaze Ann, who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language.
the more Adoniram looked at the Greek word for baptism, the more unhappy he became over its true meaning.
the pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling;
the weather had turned wet and cold.
the weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites, although Harriet was still a little off-color.
there was one particular word that troubled his conscience.
they were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope;
this is very uncommon".
this was the Greek word most often translated as" baptism".
walking was the remedy, they decided, but a deck full of chicken coops and pigpens was hardly suitable.
what would happen if Adoniram" changed horses in midstream"?
when May came the < Caravan > had already crossed the Equator.
while studying at the seminary in Andover, Adoniram had been working on a New Testament translation from the original Greek.
" it is no time", he writes," to talk with Hints and Innuendos, but openly and honestly to profess our Sentiments before our Enemies have compleated and put their Designs in Execution against us".
> but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift.
Anne was furious, and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused.
Defoe then commented," If they Could Draw that young Gentleman into Their Measures They would show themselves quickly, for they are not asham 'd to Say They want Onely a head to Make a beginning".
Johnny Mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears.
Oxford, realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ, took the opposite view, for which the Queen never forgave him.
Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good, since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House.
Steele first answers briefly the charges which his" dear old Friend" has made about his pamphlet on Dunkirk and his < Crisis >.
Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan.
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration.
Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the < Englishman;
a few days after this < Englishman > appeared, Defoe reported to Oxford that Steele was expected to move in Parliament that the Duke be called over;
accordingly the request was granted, but the Elector himself, who had not been consulted by his mother, rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schu^tz, whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever.
among whom, his Party have indeed more < Friends > than I could wish".
as notable examples of this abuse, he quotes passages from the < Examiner, >" that Destroyer of all things", and < The Character of Richard Steele, > which he here attributes to Swift.
at the order of the Dowager Electress, the Hanoverian agents, supported by the Whig leaders, demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament, thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death.
but his principal theme is that the intrigues of the Tories," our Popish or Jacobite Party", pose an immediate threat to Church and State.
by now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets, and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from Parliament.
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life- a gibe, in other words, at the" Presbyterianism" in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke 's reputed impiety.
early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled < Hot Nocturne >.
for example, No& 56 printed the patent giving the Electoral Prince the title of Duke of Cambridge.
he claims, too, that his political convictions are simply those which are called" Revolution Principles" and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties.
he closes his" letter" by demanding that Dunkirk be demolished, that the Pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of England, and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding.
he explains that there are sometimes honorable courtiers, but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his Sovereign and nation to his own avarice and ambition.
he reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends.
he was born in Savannah, Georgia, in 1909.
his birth, education, and fortune, he says, have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman, and he assures the reader that" whoever talks with me, is speaking to a Gentleman born".
his father, George A& Mercer, was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer, who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747.
his point is simply that the Tories have showered him with personal satire, despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without affronting the prerogative of the Sovereign.
if nothing else, at least two good songs came out of the project," Out of This World" and" June Comes Around Every Year".
if" Jack the Courtier" is really to be taken as Swift, the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship:" I assure you, dear < Jack, > when I first found out such an Allay in you, as makes you of so malleable a Constitution, that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases, I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer".
in < The Publick Spirit of the Whigs, > it may be noted, Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court:" I suppose by the Style of < old Friend, > and the like, it must be some Body < there > of his own Level;
in a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession.
in his comment on these laws Steele sounds all the usual notes of current Whig propaganda, ranging from a criticism of the Tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of Marlborough;
in his effort to stir the public from its lethargy, Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration, and, with rousing rhetoric, he asserts that the only preservation from these" Terrours" is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited.
in the final issues of the < Englishman, > which ended just as the new session of Parliament began, he provided his enemies with still more ammunition.
in the opening paragraph, too, Steele is accused of extreme egotism, of giving" himself the preference to all the learned, his contemporaries, from Dr& Sw-ft himself, even down to Poet Cr-spe of the Customhouse".
in this connection, Swift, too, is drawn in for attack:" the Author of the Conduct of the Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession".
it is filled with the usual personal abuse of Steele, especially of his physical appearance;
it purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians, their aims, their problems- the tug-of-war between the" pure" and the" commercial"- and seemed a promising vehicle, for the two men shared a common interest in jazz.
it purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court, who, in Miss Blanchard's opinion, could only be meant as Swift.
like Burnet, he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis.
next, Steele turns his attention to the" Courtier" he is addressing.
on February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
on the very day that the parliamentary session began, another" Infamous Libel" appeared, entitled < A Letter from the Facetious Dr& Andrew Tripe, at Bath, to the Venerable Nestor Ironside >.
once more, in other words, Steele is said to be indebted to Swift for his" wit";
such, he implies, is the case with his friend, who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts.
the < Examiner, > during Steele's trial a month later, printed an answer from the" courtier" addressed to" R& S&" at Button's coffee-house.
the Tory leaders, he insinuates, are cynically using the Church as a political" By-word" to increase party friction and keep themselves in power.
the film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled < Out of This World, > a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze.
the final issue of the < Englishman, > No& 57 for February 15, ran to some length and was printed as a separate pamphlet, entitled < The Englishman: being the Close of the Paper So-called >.
the final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift.
the last point was soon to be included in the" seditious" remarks used against him in Parliament.
the twist lay in using Bing Crosby's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words.
their first collaboration came close.
then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers, whom he calls the" New Converts";
this is the principal point made in this final section of < Englishman > No& 57, and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a" Church Party" supported by the body of the clergy.
this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press, especially the < Examiner >.
though put in rather maudlin terms, Steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis.
though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs, Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on.
thus he complains, with considerable justice, that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments.
to this end, the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the" Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince".
treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession, he complains, are allowed to pass unnoticed.
when Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944, it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer, begun some years before.
" I could n't write with them in the same room with me, but I could with Harold.
" pardon me, sir.
" some guys bothered me", Mercer has said.
Arlen is one of the few ( possibly the only ) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely, for they held their meetings in Arlen's study.
Arlen, too, worked on other projects at the same time with old friend Ted Koehler.
Arthur Robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the < American >.
I feel obliged to describe this cubbyhole.
I had had difficulties from the very first day.
I was in charge of the arrangements- which were soon enough disarranged.
I would n't hear from him for a couple of weeks, then he 'd come around with the completed lyric".
Mercer's lyrics are characterized by an unerring ear for rhythmic nuances, a puckish sense of humor expressed in language with a colloquial flair.
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.
Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards.
United States Senator Royal S& Copeland was wearing the robes of Santa Claus and a great white beard;
a much larger room, adjacent to the lavatory, served as a passageway to and from the skimpy toilet.
after I would finish playing the songs, he 'd just go away without a comment.
after we got a script and the spots for the songs were blocked out, we 'd get together for an hour or so every day.
besides doing a single song," When the Sun Comes Out", they worked on the ambitious < Americanegro Suite >, for voices and piano, as well as songs for films.
by September 1940 the suite had developed into a collection of six songs," four spirituals, a dream, and a lullaby".
city editor Victor Watson of the New York < American > was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood.
even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to edit the club's < Reporter >.
from the very first he regarded himself as Mr& Hearst's disciple, defender, and afterward his prime minister, self-ordained.
governor Alfred E& Smith was the official host at the children's party.
he arrived on crutches at the Newspaper Club with one of his great pals, Oliver Herford, artist, author, and foe of stupidity.
he had a purring voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried.
he had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway.
he had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old, always for the Hearst service.
he has a wonderfully retentive memory.
he is probably our most original composer;
he often uses very odd rhythms, which makes it difficult, and challenging, for the lyric writer".
he seemed timid ( < at first > ), wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled, and was no bigger than a jockey.
he waited a long time.
he was ghost writer for Babe Ruth, whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph.
he was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother, long widowed, with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing.
his casual, dreamlike working methods, often as not < in absentia >, were an abrupt change from Harburg 's, so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration.
in the jakes, after Robbie and his crutches were properly stowed, Mr& Herford went to the adjoining facility.
indeed, he looked more like a well-fleshed lay brother of the Hospice of St& Bernard.
it had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards.
it so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he would be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence.
it was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party.
may I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb- the younger Pliny's, if memory serves me- which, translated freely from the archaic Latin, says, ' The more haste, the less peed '".
mr& Hearst's telegraphic code word for Victor Watson was" fatboy".
mr& Herford touched the fat man's arm.
mr& Herford's appearance was that of a frustrated gnome.
nor were his manners barbaric.
nothing was said, nothing accomplished.
speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer, Arlen says," Our working habits were strange.
that unused room was large enough for- well, say an elephant could get into it **h and, as a matter of fact, an elephant < did > **h Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us.
the < Americanegro Suite > is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs, not for a night club, but for the concert stage.
the Hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the steppes.
the Honorable Robert Wagner, Sr&, at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court, was on the reception committee.
the Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the < Americanegro Suite > and said of it," Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music, these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler easily stand far out above the rest.
the artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side.
the staff saw in him the qualities of a Don Cossack, hence, as mentioned before, his nickname" the Hetman".
the unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his- shall we dare say his Waterloo?- to go to the door.
the work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words" There 'll be no more work There 'll be no more worry", matching the spiritual feeling of the jot.
there were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.
this grew into the song" Big Time Comin'".
thoroughly modern in treatment, they are at the same time, full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average ' Broadway Spirituals ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' Amen Corner ', ' judgement day ', ' Gabriel's horn ', and a frustrated devil- with a few random ' Hallelujahs ' thrown in for good measure.
though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them, Mercer's forte is a highly polished quasi-folk wit.
when, in my enthusiasm, I proposed the party, my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event.
while Arlen and Mercer collaborated on < Hot Nocturne >, Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film, < Navy Blues >.
while Johnny made himself comfortable on the couch, I 'd play the tunes for him.
without any regard for rest-room protocol, the hulking stranger almost knocked Herford off his pins.
" do n't bother to look any further.
I cannot remember Dr& Gregory's reply, if, indeed, he made one.
I remember one day when Mr& Hearst ( and I never knew why < he > liked me, either ) sent the Hetman a telegram:" please find some more reporters like that young man from Denver".
I still have the dress, and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento, or, as I more fondly hope, to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents- if I can get it organized.
I used to go with Watson to call on the eminent neurologist at his apartment, to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues, paintings, and books and drink Oriental coffee while Watson seemed to thaw out and become almost affable.
I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress Mrs& Coolidge is wearing in this painting.
John was away at school most of the time.
Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs& Coolidge's wish for a little girl.
Mama did n't know what to do- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not- since she had the ear of Mrs& Coolidge more than the other maids.
Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him, and did not disturb her.
Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs& Coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future.
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs.
Rob Roy was self-appointed to accompany the President to his office every morning.
Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission, and he would walk in front of the President, looking neither to the right nor to the left.
Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm.
a little boy came to give the President his personal condolences, and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in.
all the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss, even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him.
among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady, who would pick it up and look at it often.
an accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs& Coolidge's first granddaughter.
at dinner, lunch, or breakfast, the President would call out," Supper"!- he called all meals supper- after the butler had announced the meal.
at night, when Mama would turn back the covers, she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night.
backstairs, the maids cried a little over that, and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs& Coolidge.
but she was afraid the First Lady would not understand, because Rob Roy was a perfect angel with the First Family.
but to get back to the Coolidge household, Mrs& Coolidge so obviously loved dogs, that the public sent her more dogs- Calamity Jane, Timmy, and Blackberry.
dr& Menas S& Gregory was another.
dresses were short in the days of Mrs& Coolidge, and Spanish shawls were thrown over them.
every day, when the President took his nap, Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him, like a perfect gentleman, and stare thoughtfully out the window, or he would take a little nap himself.
he brought her shawls.
he got her dozens of them.
he showed them what to do, and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror.
he would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips.
he would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office;
his signal was for the other dogs to come running, but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out.
if she were not at home, Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there.
it had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
it is not the same dress as the one on her manikin in the Smithsonian.
it was part of Little Jack's work to look after the dogs.
mrs& Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me, and I wore it many times.
mrs& Coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection.
mrs& Coolidge would knit, and the President would sit reading, or playing with the many pets around them.
now and then, the President would call for" Little Jack, Master of the Hounds", which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration, and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals.
one White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
one shawl was so tremendous that she could not wear it, so she draped it over the banister on the second floor, and it hung over the stairway.
people think the dress in the picture was lengthened by an artist much later on.
sergeant Mike Donaldson, Congressional Medal of Honor soldier, was one of them.
she kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed.
somehow I think that Watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his foe, Colonel Van Hamm, would n't touch me with a ten-foot blue pencil.
sometimes, Mrs& Coolidge would close herself in the Green Suite on the second floor, and play the piano she had brought to the White House.
that was Rob Roy, who posed with Mrs& Coolidge for the portrait by Howard Chandler Christy.
the Coolidges' life, after the death of their son, was quieter than ever.
the Hetman did have friends, but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession.
the President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile.
the President was even more generous with the First Lady than he had been before the tragedy.
the colonel grunted, then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways.
the dogs would run through the halls after him like a burst of bullets, and all the maids would run for cover.
the dress in the painting is a bright red, with rhinestones forming a spray on the right side.
the last two were a red and a black chow.
the name inside the envelope was" Cynthia".
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear.
there is a long train flowing from the shoulders.
there was one time, however, when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted," Why did my brother commit suicide"?
this is not true.
to get him to pose, Mrs& Coolidge would feed him candy, so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did.
we already < have > the only one of its kind".
I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish relations.
after allowing for group exposures, it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism.
as a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task enumerated above, the clarification of goal.
but General Grant may have been self-victimized.
but it is perennially restructured in situations where anchors are dragged or lost.
but millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record.
but the two do not invariably or even typically coincide.
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties.
community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states.
comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any problem-solving method.
conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant: images can be both true and false.
diversity of fact, yes.
diversity of perception, yes;
for instance, imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition.
general Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book;
granted, such" functional" images are subject to human error;
he may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs.
however, in the context of legal and civic policy, these controversies are less than novel.
if Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal, it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship.
if so, he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future.
in accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished: current intelligence;
in conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage, taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration.
in free countries many controversies involve self-styled Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely" cultural" rather than religious or political identity.
in some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality.
in this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local, national, and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect, large or small, upon Gentile-Jewish relations.
it is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range.
it is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate;
it is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths that they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and Gentiles during coming years.
many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew.
many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.
modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind.
my reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity.
predispositions regarding intelligence.
predispositions, in turn, fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis.
since the recognition of Israel as a nation state, claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic.
since we can neither undo nor redo the past, we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow.
so far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned, categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships;
social process is always anchored in past predisposition;
speaking as a non-Jew I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy.
the anti-Semitism of Hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of Lueger 's politically successful Christian socialist movement in Vienna.
the basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions.
the decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups.
the discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy.
the foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it.
the formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear;
the genuinely interesting question, then, becomes: what factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews?
the tasks are briefly indicated by these questions: what are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations?
the working test of" the facts" must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations.
the" conventional" image of a particular time and place is not necessarily congruent with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research.
these are personality factors;
they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error.
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man, and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met.
they involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups.
to some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments.
undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality.
undoubtedly, however, the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest.
we know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the Jew.
what are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized?
what factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places?
what is the probable course of future developments?
what policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values?
what shall these effects be?
when decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion.
within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved, as well as upon the nature of the claim, the characteristics of the claimant, the justifications proposed, and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act.
F&S&C& Northrop, in his discussion of the" Functions and Future of Poetry", suggests this:" one of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us, at the end of the day, fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing, practical, utilitarian concern of common-sense objects.
I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of" play" to a small child: he plays" house" or" doctor" or" fireman" as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences, reliving them imaginatively until they are under control.
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it.
I think these attributes cluster, but I have no evidence.
I use this term to mean three things: a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs, a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts, and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling.
I would say, too, that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call < depth >.
Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety: for him it constitutes, in part, the < organization of impulses >.
Solomon Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation ( hot, sweet, bitter, etc& ) dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events.
THE late R& G& Collingwood, a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature, once wrote" We are all, though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it, in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue, or even Shakespeare and Titian.
William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks, it seems to me, have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected:" for if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation)- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification, compounding, or magnification, or any direct assault upon the affections at all.
a fourth view is the transformation of emotion, as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts: they" transform and beautify our inner nature".
a sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these.
a third idea is that artistic literature serves to < reduce emotional conflicts, > giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals.
along these lines, the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen.
among other things it means perception, discrimination, sensitivity to subtle differences.
anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean.
at this point a working definition of < idea > is in order, although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed.
both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged.
but the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form," texture", or technique.
but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries, and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place.
but there is one in particular which, it seems to me, deserves special attention.
but to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap.
but, in general, we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other.
by an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present, and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints;
he may also consider ideas.
he will frequently return to it.
here I do not mean catharsis, the discharge of emotion.
if art is to release us from these postulated things [ things we must think symbolically about ] and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy, it must sever its connection with these common sense entities".
in B& M& Spinley's portrayal of the underprivileged and undereducated youth of London, a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification, a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of savoring the experience.
in a symposium and general exploration of the field of < Person Perception and Interpersonal Behavior > the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject, with one possible exception;
in any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions, particularly with respect to the sense of harmony, or relief of tension, or sense of" a transformed inner nature" which may occur, a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required.
in fact, I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide, continuous, and properly guided exposure to literary art.
in the calm which follows the reading of a poem, for example, is the effect produced by the enforced quiet, by the musical quality of words and rhythm, by the sentiments or sense of the poem, by the associations with earlier readings, if it is familiar, by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate, by the diversion of attention, by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal, by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden, or by half-conscious ideas about the magical power of words?
in the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage, more troublesome, and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate.
it is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature.
it is possible that the idea of < enrichment > of emotion is a fifth idea.
it is the obverse of triviality, shallowness, emotional anaesthesia.
it is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight.
its truth is illustrated by the skill, sensitivity, and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre.
let us differentiate a few of these ideas.
many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding.
most students of literature, whether they call themselves scholars or critics, are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them.
of course, it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene.
one might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public, of the newspaper critic, and of the creative artist himself.
one of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide.
perhaps it is only an analogy, but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation.
sensibility is a vague word, covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent, quality, or skill.
something indirect, mixed, reconciling, tensional might well be the strategem, the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like" expressions" of these emotions, without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement".
such study may take many forms.
the Aristotelian notion of catharsis, the purging of emotion, is a persistent and viable one.
the continuities, contrasts, and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other.
the idea here is one of < discharge > but this must stand in opposition to a second view, Plato's notion of the < arousal > of emotion.
the limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment: contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars, political candidates, or female beauty.
the natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art, to despise and dislike the art of the recent past, and wholly to ignore everything else".
the rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience.
the study of ideas in literature is one of these.
the study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way.
the term < idea > refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as opposed to the immediacies of sensuous or emotional experience.
there is a second feature of the influences of literature, good literature, on emotional life which may have some special value for our time.
there results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary.
these are, if the research is done with subtlety and skill, researchable topics, but the research is missing.
this is given some expression in Beardsley's notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision.
this understanding, of course, may in its turn take many forms and some of these- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature- are essentially historical.
when we assert the value of such study, we find ourselves committed to an important assumption.
" **h the nomination of Hearst would compass the ruin of the party", Carmack said.
" I 'll show you", Hearst replied, grinning.
" I must hurry to catch my train".
" I understand [ Hearst ] is a candidate for Presidential honors", Devery said without cracking a smile.
" do n't bother.
" he has not acted in any way, and will n't let anyone take it away from him **h What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it, as I am very sure he will n't, as he has refused to do anything of the kind, I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence **h".
" it would be a disgrace, and, as I have already said to the people of Tennessee, if Hearst is nominated, we may as well pen a dispatch, and send it back from the field of battle: ' all is lost, including our honor '".
" never mind, thank you", he said.
" the Attorney General has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a doorknob for eighteen months", Hearst said.
" there 's nothing like buildin' from the bottom up.
Attorney Shearn had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Hearst had spent more than $60,000 of his own money in the probe, but still Attorney General Knox was quiescent.
Hearst won the Iowa state convention, but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker, drawing an angry statement from Indiana's John W& Kern:" we are menaced for the first time in the history of the Republic by the open and unblushing effort of a multi-millionaire to purchase the Presidential nomination.
Koenigsberg never did learn what Hearst wanted, for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door.
Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley.
a Bay State supporter said," Mr& Hearst's fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in Boston".
a lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of William Devery, who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district.
another Indiana observer later commented," Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent [ by Hearst ], but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered".
another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him, saying," But Mr& Hearst, what shall I do with this correspondence"?
but his increasing strength in the West looked menacing.
but there is a Hearst barrel **h" More splenetic was Senator Edward Carmack of Tennessee, a Parker man.
even the regular Democrats disowned him.
every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks".
for a freshman Congressman to read political lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends.
hatred tied his hands in Congress.
he 's got a lot of friends, and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our help".
he might get votes from his constituents, but he would never get a helping hand in Congress.
he ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as" seduction"," rape"," abortion"," criminal assault" and" born out of wedlock".
he showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats.
he soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House, and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline.
he sought to run Congress as he ran his New York < American > or < Journal >, a scheme veteran legislators resisted.
he took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket.
he was a political maverick, a reformer with his own program, determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him.
he was the House pariah.
his candidacy affected his journalism somewhat.
if anything, the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans.
if he 's going to the St& Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it.
in a story headed," HEARST OFFERS CASH", the Republican New York < Tribune > spread the money rumor, quoting an unnamed" Hearst supporter" as saying:" the argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts fearlessly and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected.
in his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations, Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with Andrew Lawrence, the former San Francisco < Examiner > man who was now his Chicago kingpin, and once to meet with Bryan.
in his own state of New York, the two Democratic bellwethers, State Leader Hill and Tammany Boss Murphy, were saying nothing openly against Hearst but industriously boosting their own favorites, Murphy being for Cleveland and Hill for Parker.
inherently incapable of cooperating with others, he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on.
it caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisville < Courier-Journal: >" **h Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr& Hearst, a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues, without a word or act in the public life of his country, past or present, that can be shown to be his to commend him, could by any possibility be elected President of the United States?
it has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money, and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of Mr& Hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the Hearst bandwagon".
just when it was needed for the campaign, Hearst Paper No& 8, the Boston < American >, began publication.
on one visit he stopped at the office of the < American >, where he was known surreptitiously as" the Great White Chief", and for the first time met his managing editor, fat Moses Koenigsberg.
our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers **h As for the paid Hessians from other states, we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty, I have nothing but contempt **h The Hearst dollar mark is all over them **h" The talk of a Hearst" barrel" was increasing.
platoons of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention, and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading.
six of the railroads carrying coal to tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields, Hearst said, not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines.
some preferred Judge Alton B& Parker of New York.
the Congressman tried hard, but failed.
the Hearst men say that if Hearst is nominated, he and his immediate friends will contribute to the Democratic National Committee the sum of $1,500,000.
the alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds, and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless **h.
the average Democratic politician, especially in the country districts, is hungry for the spoils of office.
the sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country.
there can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington, overt or implied, to block anything Hearst wanted, even if it was something good.
there was a host of dark horses.
there was talk of dragging old ex-President Cleveland out of retirement for another try.
they had lost twice with the radical Bryan, and were having no part of Hearst, whom they considered more radical than Bryan.
they had watered their stock at immense profit, then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a ton, netting themselves another $20,000,000 in annual profit.
they were repelled by his noisy newspapers, his personal publicity, his presumptuous campaign for the Presidential nomination, and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses.
this was the very sort of legislation that Roosevelt himself had in mind.
this, it is urged, would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust magnates.
to old-line Democrats, the Hearst Presidential boom, now in full cry, was the joke of the new century.
yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the puissant T& R& a semblance of a race.
" I thank you most heartily for being here.
" listen please", I called to the students in French.
" may we come with you"?
" well, I might not get that far", I told them," as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and, as a matter of fact, no permit to return to France once I leave".
< Blenheim > was followed in rapid succession by < Ramillies and the union with Scotland > and by < The peace and the Protestant succession >, the three forming together a detailed picture of < England under Queen Anne >.
< Ramillies and the union with Scotland > has fewer high spots than < Blenheim > and much less of its dramatic unity.
I ask you all to support me in this.
I have full confidence in you.
I marched up to the waiting officials, the students massed behind me.
I replied in the affirmative, taking out my recently acquired < titre d' identite et de voyage >, on which was stamped a permission to leave Fran e. he examined it carefully, handed it back and said," < Eh bien >, you may leave France".
I stood on a table, surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces.
I took one step **h eastward.
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples.
Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's < History of England > had broken off.
Trevelyan's excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones.
after making a short statement about human rights, and the freedom to travel, I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany.
alarmed by this display of weapons, I looked toward the bridge and there saw, stretched across the near side, a cordon of policemen, their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby.
and yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering.
as I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning, I was met by what looked like 5,000 students, some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming" battle" with the police.
as usual, the press photographers were on hand.
but as a stimulating, provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of English development it is incomparable.
by now he had become Regius Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of Merit.
called out a dozen young voices.
four years after the publication of the < History of England >, the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared.
he saw the age as one in which Britain" settled her free constitution" and attained her modern place in the world.
he tends to underestimate- or perhaps to view charitably- the brutality and the violence of the age, so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality.
his academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen.
his delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life.
his nationalism was not a new characteristic, but its self-consciousness, even its self-satisfaction, is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history.
if one finger is raised against the authorities, all our moral power will vanish.
if only for this modest masterpiece of military history, < Blenheim > is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the Marlborough wars.
if they are right, they will prevail of and by themselves.
in addition, he believed in the" dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14, lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own".
in fact, all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl, there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river.
in four opening chapters reminiscent of Macaulay's famous third chapter, Trevelyan surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century.
like Green, Trevelyan aimed to write a history not of" English kings or English conquests", but of the English people.
like his volume on Wycliffe, the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents, in this case illustrative of the history of Queen Anne's reign down to 1707.
like most major works of synthesis, the < History of England > is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind, and this is surely a major work.
living pictures of the early boroughs, country life in Tudor and Stuart times, the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature, the common law, parliamentary development.
now, let 's go".
of the three volumes, < Blenheim > is easily the best.
once the scene is set, Trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at Blenheim.
one of the uniformed officers stepped in my way, demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany.
questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities.
that evening, as I learned later, the students, enjoying that spontaneous immodesty in action known only to university students, surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg, overturning empty streetcars, marking up store fronts, and shouting imprudently," Garry Davis to power"!
that was all they needed.
the < History > takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys, and like < Britain in the nineteenth century > it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870.
the < History of England > has often been compared with Green's < Short history >.
the account of the battle is, next to his descriptions of Garibaldi's campaigns, Trevelyan's outstanding military narrative.
the real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits.
the result was fortunate.
the scene is etched in sharp detail, the military problems brilliantly explained, and the excitement and importance of the battle made evident.
the strength of the < History > is also its weakness.
the waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade, and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France.
there was only one hitch: the small town of Kehl, on the other side of the Rhine, was still under French jurisdiction.
these principles, however, will not be served by violence in any form.
they would champion me.
this is full evidence of your support for my principles.
to most observers, there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history.
tolerance and compromise, social justice and civil liberty, are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of Trevelyan's emphasis on their central place in the English tradition.
we would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge, five miles from Strasbourg, and march triumphantly across into Germany.
yet as an evocation of time past, there are few such successful portraits in English historical literature.
yet in several chapters on Scotland in the eighteenth century, Trevelyan copes persuasively with the tangled confusion of Scottish politics against a vivid background of Scottish religion, customs, and traditions.
your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying.
" I 'm sorry.
" I am so happy.
" Jean Babel".
" but of course, with pleasure", he replied.
" no, it 's not that", I told her.
" oh, Mr& Davis, are you there"?
" shake", I said.
" we 're from the Council of Europe, British delegation.
" what is your name"?
" who is it"?
" you have just enlisted for the ' Rhine Campaign '".
" you see, once I relinquish the position I 've already established here, I could n't regain it without sacrificing the logic of it".
Esther jumped up, ran to him and gave him a little hug.
Esther looked at me.
Esther, mistaking my hesitation, assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached.
I 've had a trying day and I just can n't make it out again", I told them.
I asked him.
I heard nothing more.
I looked from her to him.
I would n't hear of it because it meant giving up the" line", though I realized I was in poor shape physically.
Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast.
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning, found the town empty, accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon.
a popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault.
a voice drifted in to me above the patter of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a fitful sleep.
about noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed.
as it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th, I retired into my tent early, somewhat tired and discouraged, my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure.
at that moment, up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel, Switzerland.
before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas.
eight field guns were captured in position.
eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day.
he advised immediate hospitalization.
he never knew how he got there.
he remembered every detail of his pre-assault movements but nothing of the final, desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy.
his hat was gone, the tears were streaming from his eyes.
in a short time the officer returned and Thomas followed on his heels.
it is not in the record, but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton 's crumbling line.
it was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind breastworks successfully made by either side during the Atlanta campaign.
later I learned that Sir Hugh Dalton had expressed a desire to see me, hence their trip to" No Man's Land".
may we have a word with you"?
maybe they will take us".
no matter how large the fire, I could n't seem to shake off the chill that day.
now come, Garry, we must go quickly.
on the evening of December 27th, Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice.
on the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the Armies of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of Hardee's retreat.
seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to Thomas' headquarters.
she entreated me to see a doctor, and when I refused, brought one out to see me.
six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.
such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the" Line"!
that night a note written in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta.
the Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes, among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment.
the Fourth Corps assaulted and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line.
the Thirty-eighth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, one of the regiments in Thomas' First Division during Buell's command, suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action.
the cautious Thomas re-examined the note and then, making up his mind that it was genuine, snapped his fingers, whistled and almost danced in his exuberance.
the dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1.
the measure of combat efficiency in an indecisive campaign is a matter of personal choice.
the next day Sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta.
the special guard, however, was still posted on Kehl bridge.
there is a police car outside.
twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town.
when Dr& Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case, he gave them his personal approval of my entry, saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany.
when the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted, with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen.
while Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to.
while the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough, Thomas, on Sherman's instructions, ordered Slocum, now commanding the Twentieth Corps, to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack.
without preliminaries, Esther asked him," If you are a world citizen, will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital"?
**h I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening, about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye.
**h I never had the courage to look at them, when my projected volume became hopeless, fearing they were poor, until now when I was obliged to do so.
**h I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems, dear father-brother, now I am gone;
**h Katie cannot mind your seeing them now;
**h Last, not least, there are some poems which K& King sent me ( addressed to herself ) when I was preparing a fresh volume, asking me to include them.
**h O my genius, young and < ripening, > you would swear,- when I wrote them;
**h Perhaps Mrs& Meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book, with all its mementos of her and the dear ones.
**h Thompson, of course, was persuaded not to take the <" terrible > step";
I have not the heart.
I know you are very busy now, you are writing a great deal + your book is coming out, is n't it?
I wish you would return them to her.
Johnston believed that Sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various fords.
Katherine was staying at a convent, and her mother felt that, as Thompson himself seems to have suggested, she might eventually stay there.
Lieutenant Colonel James P& Brownlow, who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas' First Cavalry Division, was ordered across one of these fords.
Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie, rather than Thompson, whose life was soon ended, for she died in childbirth in April, 1901, in the first year of her marriage.
O Wilfrid!
a great part of the time, Thomas' infantry never knew the location of the enemy line.
after Thompson came to London to live, he received a letter from Katie, which was dated February 8, 1897.
all chance of fulfilling my destiny is over.
and launch them on the world when their time comes.
and now!
at no time does he seem to have proposed marriage, and Mrs& King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation.
at such times Thomas wondered when and where a counterattack would strike him.
but if you are able + care to come, you know how glad I shall be.
but this- yes, < terrible > step I am about to take **h is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here, in these poems, is treasure- or at least some measure of beauty, which I did not know of".
consequently, on October 31, 1896, Mrs& King wrote to Thompson, quite against her daughter's wishes, asking him not to" recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks".
ever yours sincerely, Katherine Douglas King" The invitation was accepted and other letters followed, in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served.
for his part, Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between Katie and himself.
for them a box will be lodgment enough.
he never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for Lymington.
heat during the Atlanta campaign, coupled with unsuitable clothing, caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing.
if otherwise, you will give me a pleasure.
if you do n't think much of them, tell me the wholesome truth.
in a letter to Meynell, which was written in June, less than a month before Katie's wedding, he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets:" A week in arrears, and without means to pay, I must go, it is the only right thing.
in any case, she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again," now that this frank explanation has been made + no one can misunderstand".
in one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell, Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further:" That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W& M&'s curious methods of handling me.
it is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship, which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by Maggie Brien, but when Katie wrote on April 11, 1900, to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev& Godfrey Burr, the vicar of Rushall in Staffordshire, the news evidently helped to deepen his discouragement over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse.
it is strange;
it need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements, which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant.
it was the hard way to fight a war but Thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes.
luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I".
merited recommendations from army commanders were passed over in favor of political appointees from civil life.
most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers.
mr& Meynell knows the way.
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation.
rank was becoming an explosive issue in all three of Sherman's armies.
she ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor, from which she could not part" without still more pain".
she regretted what she described as the" unwarrantable + unnecessary" check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another perfectly.
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you.
some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love;
some, she knew, looked upon Thompson almost as a saint, but others read in" The Hound of Heaven" what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner, who, like Oscar Wilde, had- as one pious writer later put it- thrown himself" on the swelling wave of every passion".
the publication of Father Connolly 's < The Man Has Wings > has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty.
the result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week, only two days before my departure from London.
the somewhat Petrarchan love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of autobiographical sincerity.
the terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project.
the water was deep and Brownlow took his troopers across naked- except for guns, cartridge boxes and hats.
the" orphaned poems" mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets, which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading" Ad Amicam", plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books.
they kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels, drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men.
this letter concluded with an invitation:" I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital.
this prospect did not please Mrs& King any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian, but she used it to suggest to Thompson that," It is not in her nature to love you".
to relieve the itch and sweat galls, the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming.
what has it all come to?
when Thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from Pantasaph, Mrs& King felt a proper Victorian alarm.
when they were first written, there was evidently no thought of their being published, and those which refer to the writer's love for Mrs& Meynell particularly have the ring of truth.
Alexander Vasilievitch Suvorov, now in his fifty-ninth year ( ten years Potemkin's senior ), was a thin, worn-faced person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of botany.
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan, covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth, or admire the lovely tapis, interwoven with gold, that spread across the floor.
Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops.
Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential.
Suvorov's contempt for don't-know's was proverbial;
age?
among the visitors arriving every now and then there were, of course, women.
an entire theater had been set up for his diversion, with a 200-man Italian orchestra under the well-known Sarti.
around the billiard tables were always at least a couple of dozen beribboned generals.
as Littlepage noted:" a complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations.
at dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers, marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy.
at headquarters- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war- Lewis found that the Commander in Chief 's only desk was his knees ( and his only comb, his fingers ).
better to give an asinine answer than none at all.
broad red stripes down the trouser leg;
broader leather belt round the waist, holding cartridges and light sabre.
but Suvorov's face was also a theater of vivacity, and his tough, stooping little frame was briskness embodied.
but he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own temper.
but if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners, he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates.
current status?
despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier, he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket.
filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby.
for if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand, and meant it, with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye.
for those little men with the short whiskers, shaven polls, and top knots Suvorov reserved a special esteem.
he always kept a few on his personal staff.
he dabbled in verse, could get along well among most of the European languages, and was fluent in French and German.
he had a small mouth with deep furrows on either side, a large flat nose, and penetrating blue eyes.
he had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature.
he had also mastered the Cossack tongue.
he had collared one of his generals in public.
he had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court;
he had n't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both, but highest among his hates were looking glasses: he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens.
he kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by, he would mew at it in friendly fashion.
he knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters.
he often donned their tribal costumes, such as the one featuring a tall, black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels;
he rose at 4:00 A&M& the year round and was apt to stride through camp crowing like a cock to wake his men.
he stays inactive for half the summer in front of Oczakov, a quite second-rate spot, begins to besiege it < formally > only during the autumn rains, and finally carries it < by assault > in the heart of winter.
he was ugly.
his breakfast was tea;
his coat trimmed in sable, diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam, he was often prone to sit sulkily, eye downcast, in a Scheherazade trance.
his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon;
his gray hair was thin, his face beginning to attract a swarm of wrinkles.
his supper was nothing.
in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men.
in the great one's personal quarters, a portable house, almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception.
it was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier.
kind by nature, he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as Lewis would one day discover ).
like all Russians he was an emotional man, and in him the emotions warred.
mission?
one evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds, requesting every female guest to select one as a souvenir.
passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.
potemkin- as King Stanislas knew, and presently informed Littlepage- looked on the Cossacks as geopolitical tools.
right now he found Sophie de Witt, that magnificent young matron he had spotted at Kamieniec fours years ago.
the Prince took her with him on every tour around the area, and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network.
there 's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal, who gratuitously gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with eclat, in a word a man who creates monsters for himself in order to appear a < Hercules > in destroying them".
these illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had, Suvorov may have told Lewis, just two things a commander could count on: physical fitness and personal courage.
to Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place < With Fire and Sword > ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in, say, Bessarabia, where, as" the faithful of the Black Sea borders", he could use their presence as baragining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey.
to help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one: both were eccentrics of the purest ray serene.
underneath, he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day.
usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various nieces.
when Littlepage was introduced, if the General behaved as usual, the newcomer faced a staccato salvo of queries: origin?
when a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers, Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements.
when this happened, everything stopped.
woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely.
yet General Suvorov- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities- was mad only north, northwest.
" let him become honest, and they discard him.- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood- to assail whatever character- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends- and they hug him to their heart.
Athenian society was split into two factions, the Philistines and the Artists.
Greece was one of the highlights of our trip, but beginning in Greece and continuing around the world throughout Southeast Asia the treatment of animals was horrifying, ranging from callous indifference to active cruelty.
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll, and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs.
I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments, but at present it is deserted and seductive.
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before.
Norton and I dined one night in a sea-food restaurant in Piraeus right on the water's edge.
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of the < Gazette > under the name" Vale".
Pike's honor would now come under attack, but not by Woodruff himself.
a good deal of English was spoken on the beach, most educated Greeks learn it in childhood, and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen.
a particularly galling phrase was" O&K&, Panyotis, we have time at our disposal".
across the road is the kitchen, and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place du Tertre in Paris.
although open to the general public it is not overcrowded;
at Sounion there is a group of beautiful columns, the ruins of a temple to Poseidon, of particular interest at that time, as active reconstruction was in progress.
bedtime is late, for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars.
but this one was.
by this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride, a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned, and who would be anxious to avenge himself.
despite Woodruff 's continuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper, Pike did not let up his attack for a moment.
for a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend Sounion, at the end of the Attic Peninsula.
gaunt scaffoldings adjoined the ruins, and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections cunningly chiseled to match exactly the fluting and proportion of the original.
he called Pike a thief.
he claimed in his attacks that Woodruff, with scurrilous underhandedness, had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing.
he said Pike had stolen mules from Harris during the Santa Fe expedition;
his English was limited, and the little he knew he found irritating.
how < can > a cat be thin in a fish restaurant?
in proportion to the degradation of his moral worth, is the increase of his worth to them".
it was very stimulating.
later they would be hoisted into place.
nine o'clock is the rush hour, when the busses are jammed, and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill.
office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period, which, during the summer, lasts from two until five in the afternoon, when shops and offices are again open for business.
one is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation.
over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing Woodruff, the" Casca" letters belittling Woodruff, and long analytical articles vilifying Woodruff.
so persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year, Woodruff was finally moved to action, and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics, the subtle art of diversion.
the Acropolis was unique in the world and if that imcomparable work flooded by moonlight was n't enough for both natives and tourists, then they were quite simply barbarians and the hell with them.
the Artists contended that the Philistines, gross of soul, were all for having Son et Lumiere, since the French were footing the bill and the attraction, wherever it had been done, had proven popular.
the anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes.
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home.
the charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it, and answered Pike in a rather bored way, wearily declaring that a" new hand" was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ, and concluding:" in a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles, even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels.
the charges would be made in the < Gazette > by an anonymous correspondent, and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the illusive character assassin that he would forget about harassing Woodruff.
the game is not worth the ammunition it would cost.
the other is that the charge for cabanas and parasols, though modest from an American point of view, still is a little high for many Athenians.
the public may still find pleasure in public places.
the restaurant to which the Sakellariadises took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria, on Asteria beach.
the road, a comparatively new one, is very good, winding along inlets, coves, and bays of deep and brilliant blue.
the sand is fine and pleasant, the cabanas are clean, and the parasols, green, raspberry, and butter yellow, are very gay.
the strategy worked perfectly.
there is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water- there was no milk- which it lapped up as though it were nectar.
they close sometime after eight.
they would be lolling under a tree sipping Ouzo, relishing the leisurely life, assuring him that the day was yet young.
this agreeable state of affairs is explicable, I think, on two counts.
this he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English.
this is a public bathing beach, easily accessible by tramway from the center of Athens.
this of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met, who loved their pets, but kindness is not a basic human instinct.
this restaurant, too, had a cat, a dusty, thin little creature.
this was the crassest kind of materialism and they, the Artists, would have no truck with it.
three beneficial hurdles to progress are the lack of water, electricity, and telephones.
to attack Pike directly would gain Woodruff little, for as a penniless newcomer Pike had nothing to lose.
to enter it, you go down five or six steps from the road.
to exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation, Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked.
we met some charming Athenians, and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high.
we therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs".
we went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.
we were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans, but just so that we would n't go overboard on Greek refinement, perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios.
when offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced, obviously frightened and expecting a kick, but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit.
Edward Rawson, secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay, described him as" a man whose spirit was stark drunk with blasphemies and insolence, a corrupter of the truth, a disturber of the peace wherever he comes".
Gorton and company, however, promptly bought land from Miantonomi a few miles south of Pawtuxet, extending from the present Gaspee Point south to Warwick Neck and twenty miles inland.
Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth.
Gorton appeared for her, however, and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty, for he was charged with deluding the court, fined, and told to leave the colony within fourteen days.
Gorton left England, he said," to enjoy libertie of conscience in respect to faith towards God, and for no other end".
Gorton reverted to his Plymouth tactics, refused to let her go, and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury.
Gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond, and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days, returning at night.
Gorton sometimes signed himself" a professor of the mysteries of Christ".
Gorton then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a turmoil.
Nathaniel Morton stated he" was deeply leavened with blasphemous and familistical opinions".
Pomham and Soconoco, a couple of minor sachems ( of something less than exalted character ) under Miantonomi, declared that they had never assented to the sale of land to Gorton and had never received anything for it.
Providence finally managed to get Gorton out of the town, and he and some friends bought land at Pawtuxet on the west side of Narragansett Bay, five miles south but still within the jurisdiction of the Providence colony.
Roger Williams had recently been thrown out, and Anne Hutchinson and her Antinomians were slugging it out with the powers-that-be.
Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows:" Master Gorton, having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence, both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ), and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism: almost all suck in his poison, as at first they did at Aquidneck.
Samuel Gorton was born at Gorton, England, near the present city of Manchester, about 1592.
William Coddington, who was running the colony, felt constrained to move seven miles south where, with others- as mentioned above- he founded Newport.
Williams also stated:" our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague".
a biographer called him" the premature John the Baptist of New England Transcendentalism".
a cow owned by an old woman trespassed on Gorton's land.
although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities, he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original.
as it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection, this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying" Come and get it".
during the trial he told off the jury, called them" Just Asses" and called a freeman" a saucy boy and Jack-an-Apes".
following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet, they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts.
he advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law.
he defied the Boston hierarchy, and after they sent a small army to get him he befuddled the court, including John Cotton, with one of the most complicated religious discourses ever heard.
he fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed, worked for the abolition of slavery, helped the Quakers and Indians, and worked against the prosecution of witches.
he held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction.
he left in a storm for Pocasset, December 4, 1638.
he was jailed and banished.
he was thrown out, more or less, from Boston, Plymouth, Pocasset, Newport, and Providence.
he was universally beloved by his neighbours, and the Indians, who esteemed him, not only as a friend, but one high in communion with God in Heaven".
he worked as a" clothier" in London, but was greatly concerned with religion.
his contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic, a beast, a miscreant, a proud and pestilent seducer, a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties.
his wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles.
however, the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of Shawomet to appear before them to answer the sachems' claim.
if Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it.
instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.
it pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters, and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used.
it was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything, including Providence and Massachusetts.
on the other hand, Dr& Ezra Styles recorded the following testimony of John Angell, the last disciple of Gorton:" He said Gorton was a holy man;
one can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves.
one historical authority presents laborious and circuitous testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the embattled Gorton.
she was Ellen Aldridge, a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family.
since Rhode Island at that time did not have such sanction, his opinion was not popular.
some few and myself withstand his inhabitation and town privileges, without confession and reformation of his uncivil and inhuman practices at Portsmouth;
soon he was in trouble there, for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church.
the historian Charles Francis Adams called him" a crude and half-crazy thinker".
the next week, forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants.
the old woman complained to the deputy governor, who ordered the servant brought before the court.
the purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms.
the report was:" It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation, and the Governor Prence sent to knoe her business, and command, after punishment as the bench see fit, her departure and also anyone who brought her" to the place from which she came"".
the settlement was called Shawomet.
the unconquerable Mrs& Hutchinson was residing at Pocasset, after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony.
then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics.
then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth.
there is plenty more to recommend Gorton, the facts of whose life are given in < The Life and Times of Samuel Gorton, > by Adelos Gorton.
this town should not be confused with Pawtucket, just north of Providence, or Pawcatuck, Connecticut, on the Pawcatuck River, opposite Westerly, Rhode Island.
up to now, Gorton had been looking for trouble, and now that he was trying to get away from it, trouble started looking for him.
upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence, the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet, alas, gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers.
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world **h had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house, where he constantly walked morning and evening, and even in the depths of the night, alone by himself, for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light.
when, in March, 1640, the two towns were united under Coddington, Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders.
while driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of Gorton.
with his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March, 1637, and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience.
yet the tide is too strong against us, and I fear ( if the framer of hearts help not ) it will force me to little Patience, a little isle next to your Prudence".
" merciful God, Julia"!
" mr& Wolfe had been in declining health for many years and death was not unexpected".
" w& O& Wolfe, prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section, died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 Spruce Street", the Asheville < Times > of Wednesday, June 21, announced.
#35.# In the spring of his second year at Harvard, Tom had been offered a job at Northwestern University as an instructor in the English Department.
Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death;
Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due, and they were all current, since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid.
I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard;
I have known Papa to exclaim on getting his tax bill," we 're going to the dogs"!
I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800.
I think I 'm right in that figure.
Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that Ben had passed on.
Papa, I should emphasize, had been an invalid the last several years of his life;
Tom had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard, and Fred had been in and out of Georgia Tech and Carneigie Tech and part of the time had been a self-help student.
Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down.
a biographical sketch followed.
a few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash.
actually Tom had been postponing giving them an answer, I 'm confident, because he did not want to go out there to teach.
after they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs, Ralph and Fred had some fourteen thousand dollars, as I remember, with which to pay the bequests.
all about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned.
and he did n't, by a long shot!
and he threatened someday to write a play" with fifty, eighty, a hundred people- a whole town, a whole race, a whole epoch".
and that 's how Papa's estate was divided.
and that's what he did.
at his death Fred and Ralph, my husband, were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will.
beloved Dr& R& F& Campbell, our First Presbyterian Church pastor, was in charge.
but Papa's death had further complicated the financing of Tom's hoped-for third year, and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged.
but he had delayed accepting this job, and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram, he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady, head of the Harvard Appointment Office, asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances.
but he had succeeded well, we agreed.
but he never expected to do that.
but he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor Baker.
but things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama, accept the Northwestern job, or return to Harvard.
consequently, Fred and Tom, the two who had been provided college educations, signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full, and Effie and I were each allotted $5000.
for years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers.
funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home.
had he been able to escape this long siege of invalidism, I 'm convinced, Papa would have left a sizable estate.
he despised parsimony, and particularly of words.
he had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds.
he wanted nothing compressed, tight.
he wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting.
he was a big man, and he wanted nothing little, squeezed;
he was always concerned with life, and he tried to picture it whole;
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000.
his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small rentals on some properties he still owned.
in describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production, he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because" I did n't know how to save paint", but because the play required them.
in fact, he did n't want to teach anywhere.
in the spring, it must have been, he began working on the play that he called < The House >, which later would be < Mannerhouse >.
in this play there were so many characters and so much detail.
in this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I do n't know how many more unnamed.
in those years of lower property valuations and lower tax rates, that payment represented ownership of much property.
it ran two nights, and though it was generally praised, there was considerable criticism of its length.
it ran until past one o'clock.
it was demonstrated, many critics would later point out, in the length of his novels.
it was well past midnight.
later this play would be called < Welcome to Our City >.
so what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received, if anything, from the estate before Papa's death.
so, because he had received less than Tom, it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained.
that fall he submitted to Professor Baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays, six of them, according to some of his associates, and he also worked on a play that he first called < Niggertown >, the material for which he had collected during the summer at home.
that spring < Welcome to Our City > was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May.
that third year he wrote plays with a fury.
that was Tom's weakness;
the bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life, and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills.
the burial was out in Riverside Cemetery.
the date was June 20, 1922.
this, manifestly, would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children.
Deity and Law are one and inseparable.
I asked one day what he was doing.
Schweitzer seems, in fact, to acquire for himself a burden of sin, not bequeathed by Adam, but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities.
above all read in Jens Bjerre 's < The Last Cannibals > how the old man of the Wailbri tribe ( not cannibals ) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession, while the tears streamed down his face.
an uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural, even as physical law is natural.
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man.
as I have said, words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory:" that mind and soul, according well, May make one music as before".
as our radius of penetration, R, increases, the area of new knowledge increases by **f, and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of **f.
as to our action, let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer:" thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven".
each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future.
each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life.
for them only a little more needed to be learned, and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted, packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem.
for this decision a man must take personal responsibility.
gone are the days when, in the nineteenth century, scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe.
he is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good.
he told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was transplanting a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt.
he was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it, while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other.
his < Ethics > defines" possessions as the property of the community, of which the individual is sovereign steward.
his inability to wonder vitiates his argument.
in his book < Civilization and Ethics > Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life, for example.
in seeking for such meaning and purpose, Albert Schweitzer seized upon the concept of the" sacredness of life".
in the face of the unfolding universe, our ultimate attitude is that of wonder.
it is as if we, in our center of human observation, from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown.
it is endless.
it is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign" sacredness" to animal, insect, and plant life.
let us now give some thought to the soul.
my own experience has followed simpler lines.
neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy, nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience.
no one is to judge others".
none of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge.
on the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two".
one 's daily work becomes sacred, since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law, dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy.
one cannot read the records of scientists, officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a < person >.
one of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life.
one serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence;
one such is Abraham Meyer, the writer of a recent book, < Speaking of Man >.
or to let the ethical be superseded by the purposive.
perhaps it should have.
persons, whether white, black, brown or yellow, are a concern of God.
read, for instance, in Malcolm MacDonald's < Borneo People > of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh, and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization.
religion thus becomes integrated with life.
respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers.
said he," It teaches me to wonder".
says he," I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic;
so far as" sacredness" inheres in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality, whether in Lambarene, Africa, or in Washington, D&C&.
such is the field for exercising our reverence.
the Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity;
then I asked," What does that teach you"?
there are some people, intelligent people, who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives.
there is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself, for his own soul's sake, to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering, but this viewpoint Schweitzer rejects.
these lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility.
this complacency was blown to bits by the relativity of Einstein, the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe.
this intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well, because I was never content to lead a divided life.
this is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism.
this truth that the moral law is natural has other important corollaries.
this viewpoint I find interesting, but it has never weighed on my soul.
this was a profound statement.
to obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense, applied to a neglected field.
when the young biologist, Dr& Ballard, began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth, this induced a corresponding interest, on our part, in him.
with the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people, we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives.
with this conviction, the partition between the sacred and the secular disappears.
wonder grows.
wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization.
" conservatism" and" traditionalism" seem implied by what has just been said.
#GOSSON AND SIDNEY# The second half of the sixteenth century in England was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature, especially the drama.
< in the field of political values, it is certainly true that students are not radical, not rebels against their parents or their peers >.
< students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education >.
< the ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college >.
according to William Ringler's study, < Stephen Gosson, > the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by 1577, and, in the opinion of many, a thoroughly bad business.
although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans, still, once the Puritans gained power, they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all" public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne".
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it.
and, contrary to many popular assertions, the < goal-values chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to materialistic success nor to mere conformity >.
aroused by what they considered an evil influence, some members of the clergy, joined by city authorities, merchants, and master craftsmen, began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called" the abuses of the art", but by 1582 some of them began to denounce the whole idea of acting.
both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test, but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence.
both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause.
but his opposition hardened and by 1579, in < The School of Abuse, > he was ready to banish all" players".
but it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached.
but these terms are treacherous.
but they are < optimistic about their prospects > in these regards;
even in such technical curricula as engineering, the senior is much more likely than the freshman to choose, as an ideal, liberal education over specific vocational preparation.
for them, in the grim words of a once-popular song, love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage.
for there is also the" face of reality" in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests, of the objective possibilities open to him, of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed.
for this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in American colleges and universities, and particularly from the Cornell Values Studies.
for this reason, then I want to describe, first, two examples of the puritanical attacks: Stephen Gosson 's < The School of Abuse, > 1579, and his later < Playes Confuted, > published in 1582.
fortunately, it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education.
furthermore, many reluctant recruits are yielding to social demands, or compromising in the face of their own limitations of opportunity, or of ability and performance.
he advises women to beware" of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth".
he does not really approve of levity and laughter, but sex is the deadly sin.
he warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation, for" Looking eies have lyking hartes, and lyking hartes may burne in lust".
hence < changes > in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time.
in addition, the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country: Dartmouth, Harvard, Yale, Wesleyan, North Carolina, Fisk, Texas, University of California at Los Angeles, Wayne, and Michigan.
in the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties, Stephen Gosson, published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art, rather than the art itself.
in the latter research program, information is available for 2,758 Cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for 1,571 students surveyed in 1952.
in the university milieu of scholarship and research, of social diversity, of new ideas and varied and wide-ranging interests," socialization" into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences.
in their views on dating, courtship, sex, and family life, our students prefer what they are expected to prefer.
it is not our impression that these evaluations are naively uncritical resultants of blissful ignorance;
it may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason.
many a people-oriented student who dreams of the M&D& decides to enter his father 's advertising agency;
many students of literature know that classical defense.
no one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant.
occupational choices are also useful- and interesting- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations.
of the latter sample, 944 persons had been studied two years earlier;
or in more Freudian terms, the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego.
other conceivable goals, such as character-education and social adjustment, are of secondary importance to them.
our students want occupations that permit them to use their talents and training, to be creative and original, to work with and to help other people.
rather, the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values.
second, we will see how Sidney answered the charges, for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to Gosson, his arguments do support the new theater.
students develop occupational images- not always accurate or detailed- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation.
students' < choices > of ideal educational goals < are not arbitrary or whimsical >.
the most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney 's < An Apologie for Poetrie, > published in 1595.
the old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy.
the purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute.
the same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices.
the selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data: the" success-oriented" students choose vocational preparation, the" other-directed" choose goals of social adjustment (" getting along with people" ), the" intellectuals" choose a liberal arts emphasis.
their expressed standards concerning sex roles, desirable age for marriage, characteristics of an ideal mate, number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation- minus compulsive rebellion.
there is < impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life >.
there is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values.
they also want money, prestige, and security.
they even accept the" double standard" of sex morality in a double sense, i&e&, both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women, and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men.
they set < limits to their aspirations > - few aspire to millions of dollars or to" imperial" power and glory.
those who wanted to close the theaters, for example, pointed to Plato's < Republic > and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the < Ion > to testify in their behalf.
thus, many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture, drama, or journalism, resigns himself to a real estate business;
we find" reluctant recruits" whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics.
we find, in the first place, that < the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education >, positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing, do not accept most of the criticisms levelled against higher education in the public prints, and, on the whole, approve of the way their university deals with value-problems and value inculcation.
what is not so well known, however, and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel, is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was answering.
with that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day, and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama.
within the fixed frame of these aspirations, they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power, prestige, and wealth.
" as Mrs& Morris may be in some want before that time", Lafayette continued," I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy.
" the reason for this", the orders said," is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day.
" they straggle at such a rate", he told the commander-in-chief," that if the enemy were enterprising, they might get two from us, when we would take one of them, which makes me wish General Howe would go on, lest any incident happen to us".
Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs& Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia, and would return on May 26th, escorted by several officers from Maryland" belonging to the new levies in the British service".
Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather.
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men, who, he thought, might be disguised as Quakers or peasants.
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River, with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy.
Morgan complained to Washington about the men detailed to him for scouting duty, most of them he said being useless.
Morgan hotly denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of Peters with the plot against Washington.
Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners, but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free.
Morgan took the suggested steps, but when Mrs& Sanderson appeared, there was nobody with her but her husband, whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned.
Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness, and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead, but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say.
Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding, and evidently, from the quarrel, obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment.
Richard Peters, Secretary of the Board of War, thought Morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel.
Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive, for on May 17th, 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert.
a letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated," His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion".
after complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress, too, the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris, but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required, if it was done at all.
also, he was now forty-three years old.
apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration, and within a few days, Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill, not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill.
apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga, namely, that George Washington be replaced, Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia.
besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west, Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers, thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous.
but Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William Pickman in Salem, Massachusetts, apparently an acquaintance, praising Washington and saying that the slanders propagated about him were" opposed by the general current of the people **h to exalt General Gates at the expense of General Washington was injurious to the latter.
but Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general.
but you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who, being with the army, do n't know what to do with their money and **h would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars".
even so, Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it.
even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children.
for by now the original cause of the quarrel, Philip's seizure of Gascony, was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other.
for example, he captured some persons from York County, who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife, and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods.
he had braved the elements and the enemy, but the strain, aided by the winter, was catching up with him at last.
he was shown a warm welcome regardless, and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment, enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were, of course, run down.
his fellow Virginian, George Washington, had stated," I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy".
his neighbors celebrated his return, even if it was only temporary, and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend, Isaac Lane, who told him," A man that has so often left all that is dear to him, as thou hast, to serve thy country, must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart".
his soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly.
if his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter, Agnes, to the son of the dauphin of Vienne- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas, for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition, he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward, even though, as he admitted to the English ambassadors, he had been advised that the original cession was invalid.
if she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress, it would not become a stranger, unknown to her, to offer himself for that purpose.
if the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men, they were, of course, much more so for those not in good health.
if there be a disinterested patriot in America, 'tis General Washington, and his bravery, none can question".
in his absence, the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey, another able Virginian.
in his dealings with offenders, however, Morgan was typically firm but just.
in late December, the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge, and although the distance was only 13 miles, the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather, the barefooted and almost naked men.
in order to see that this hindering situation remained effective, Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area.
interestingly enough, the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that" A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at Whitemarsh, and act with them".
it is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children, for his pay, as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel, and that apt to be delayed.
it is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope.
it was not merely a hunger for" money, gold and precious objects" that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end;
meantime, however, this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army.
obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too, for on the 23rd of May, he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move, perhaps in the night, and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained.
on May 6th, Morgan, who had returned, received from Washington orders to" send out patrols under vigilant officers" to keep near the enemy.
on the other hand, he did not want to offend Edward either, and he found himself in a very difficult position.
on the surface, the whole question was purely feudal.
such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on.
the Americans lost forty-four men, among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment, an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection, not only by his commander, but by Washington and Lafayette as well.
the Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines, harass them and get intelligence of their movements.
the dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing.
the headquarters of Morgan was on a farm, said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British, a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency.
the latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris, that he wrote Morgan a letter, showing his own warmhearted generosity.
the mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate, he felt, so like Henry Knox, equally loyal to Washington, who went to Boston at this time, Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks.
the pope was playing a dangerous game, with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears, and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs.
the position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified, its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it.
the troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor, and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them".
there must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too, when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States.
these were Oneida Indians.
this was accordingly done, and the plight of the grateful Mrs& Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan, the amount of which is not known.
when the negotiations began, his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance, and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who, under Charles of Valois, the papal vicar of Tuscany, were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies.
#12" WHERE IS IT WRITTEN"?# Mr& Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher.
Alfred began to put his affairs in order, and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage.
Alfred looked straight ahead.
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door.
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car.
Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital.
Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home.
Alfred!
Alfred, leaning on Meltzer, stopped for a minute to look at Tessie.
Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston.
Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him, begging him to speak.
I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint, punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation.
I do n't think he ever got to drink any of it.
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he would n't.
I sat down to wait, and I watched Tessie Alpert, who had n't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window.
I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened.
I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times.
Lilly Banks and I became friends.
Meltzer knew why I had come for him.
Meltzer stayed with Alfred, and when the door opened they both came out.
Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family.
and Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr& Banks.
banks had a family- a wife, a daughter, and a son.
banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live.
banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father, a man who did n't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade.
but the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead.
by leaving me everything he would n't be doing me a favor, my father told him, and he did n't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit.
every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly.
for a few minutes there was nothing to hear.
for every rude word of Mr& Banks 's the family had five in apology.
he came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia.
he did n't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that 's all it would be, and Alfred understood.
he entered the house in silence, walked into Alfred's room, and closed the door behind him.
he knew Alfred liked me;
he knew the whyfores and the wherefores but he was weak, very weak, on the therefores.
he sent me for Meltzer the Butcher, whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi.
he stood there watching until it had gone from his sight.
he treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt;
he was a learned man and a very gentle soul.
he was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud.
her brother Karl was a very gentle soul, her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard, probing eyes.
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket, nothing else.
my father, a wise man, asked him not to.
my father, who liked Alfred very much, was a constant visitor.
one day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me.
outside, his brother Harry was waiting for him- he had come to say good-bye.
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks.
she did n't turn away from the window.
she had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop, help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes, mop the floors, put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders.
she was the opposite of everything she should have been- a positive pole in a negative home, a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father.
so Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks, who supplied the town and the hotels with meat.
solemnly he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us.
speak to me".
the car began to move and Harry ran after it crying," Alfred!
the car was waiting for him.
the daughter, Lilly, was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other.
the day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime.
the doctor wanted him in a hospital;
the first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital.
the jug stayed at the hospital and the water- what can happen to water?- it evaporated, disappeared, and came back to the earth as rain- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert.
the nearest one was forty miles away in Kingston.
then Meltzer's voice, quiet, calm, strong, started the Kaddish, the prayer for the dead.
there was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer- it was the end of a life, the end of hope, and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning.
they lived in the same house and it did n't seem to be such a hard thing to do, but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer did n't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking.
#@# What exactly are we trying to prove?
) of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population, reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain.
Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers;
Baker took the plan to Wilson who said:" Baker, this is plainly right on any ground.
Democrat Stanley H& Dent, Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee, declined to introduce the bill.
H&L& Gray in his < English Field Systems > and Zachrisson's < Romans, Kelts and Saxons > defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time H&P&R& Finberg and Gordon Copley seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp.
Wade-Evans, in fact, denies that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a minor Jutish foray in A&D& 514.
again omitting recent developments, E&T& Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged:" so far as archaeology is concerned, there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories".
against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field, notably F& W& Maitland, < whose Domesday Book and Beyond > was written expressly for this purpose, and Sir Paul Vinogradoff whose < The Growth of the Manor > had a similar aim.
as a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work, e&g& Seebohm, Gray and Finberg, tends to obscure their sympathies.
at this point, of course, the issue has become complicated by a development unforeseen by Lappenberg and Kemble.
before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors, sheriffs, and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on.
but beginning, for all practical purposes, with Frederick Seebohm's < English Village Community > scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions.
democratic Speaker Champ Clark saw little difference between a conscript and a convict.
even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion.
even so, the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress.
everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept Lappenberg or Kemble's position on that point.
from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred.
general Crowder proposed that Regular Army officers select the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation;
he concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only-" where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men, orators preaching hate of the Germans, and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation".
in Britain, obviously, the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the Saxon Shore region are bound to be Saxon.
in Gaul the Saxon element on its Saxon Shore was plainly visible because there the Saxons were an intrusive element in the population.
in other words its existence belongs to the period of Roman Britain.
in recent years, however, a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles.
in the face of a clear judgment from archaeology, therefore, it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the" shore settled by" theory.
in the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars, H&M& Chadwick, R&H& Hodgkin, Sir Frank Stenton et al& who are in varying degrees sceptical of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them.
it is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later, fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions.
it is no longer possible to say that a sceptical attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a" shore occupied by" interpretation.
it meant instead hardship, dirt, and death.
it might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question;
it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock, which conscription always brings to a country, by substituting" Greetings from your neighbors" for the recruiting sergeant, and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations.
it was Baker, working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major Hugh S& (" Old Ironpants" ) Johnson, who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks- again before the Act was passed- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling.
largely due to their efforts the catastrophic invasion-theory has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found supporters.
moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.
most scholars, while willing to accept a survival ( revival?
my argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius.
namely, is the idea that there were Saxon mercenaries in England at all reasonable?
now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century.
on the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought.
one reason is, of course, that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources.
so whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island, the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century.
start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if I am obliged to go to Congress the bills will be ready for immediate consideration".
that is, there was no trace of Anglo-Saxons in Britain as early as the late third century, to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point.
that is, we must find Saxons in East Anglia, Kent, Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century.
the Secretary of War gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the American Civil War as well as the British volunteer system in World War 1,.
the few scholars who have adopted the" shore occupied by" interpretation, Howorth, Shore, and Wade-Evans, have all been Celtic survivalists.
the great increase in the amount of archaeological activity, and therefore information, in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute.
the primary reason for the abandonment of the" shore occupied by" thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence, the most striking feature of early English studies in this century.
the problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one.
the result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the volunteering method which Theodore Roosevelt favored.
therefore, it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us.
therefore, what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons, in the broad sense in which we must construe the word, in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore.
they, however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized, agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization.
they, in effect, have compromised the opposing positions of the nineteenth century.
this is nevertheless a minority view.
this, naturally, will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period, with some fortunate exceptions, is insufficient for precise chronological purposes.
those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way, like T&W& Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans, are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain.
to do so, something was necessary beyond volunteering because there was little glamour or romance in the European war;
we also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the < Notitia > was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain ( post-A&D& 369 ).
we know that the Saxon Shore was a phenonenon of late Roman defensive policy;
we must, therefore, have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem.
what they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England.
where there were none fifteen years ago, several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the" shore occupied by" position.
wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L& Scott, who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany.
< Oedipus > and < Lear > instruct us how little of the world belongs to man.
Agamemnon, Creon, and Medea perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the < polis >.
Elsinore seems to lie in a range of Mycenae, and the fate of Orestes resounds in that of Hamlet.
Greek and Elizabethan life and, to a certain extent, the life of Versailles shared this character of intense" publicity".
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public.
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm.
Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness.
Shakespeare is closer to Sophocles than he is to Pope and Voltaire.
and private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama, but of the new, unfolding art of the novel.
and the entirety of the natural world is party to the action.
and the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public.
behind the tragic hero stands the chorus, the crowd, or the observant courtier.
but at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance, disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama.
but it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a kite to it.
but it is true, nevertheless.
but we abide by their insight.
comparable visions of life are at work in < Antigone > and < Romeo and Juliet >.
from it, spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man.
hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate, the public square, or the court chamber.
heretofore an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high personages and if it occurred in the public view.
in < La Nouvelle-Heloi^se > and < Werther > tragedy is made intimate.
in Athens, in Shakespeare's England, and at Versailles, the hierarchies of worldly power were stable and manifest.
in Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare, mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man.
in the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time, there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous < Arden of Feversham > ).
in the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and Shakespeare stand side by side, their affinity transcending all the immense contrarieties of historical circumstance, religious belief, and poetic form.
in tragedy, lightning is a messenger.
it banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose.
it is after the late seventeenth century.
it is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic orderings of material and psychological experience were abandoned.
it is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return.
it it not between Euripides and Shakespeare that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life.
it overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation.
it served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture.
it transcends the glaring fact that the Elizabethans mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely distinct.
its sphere is that of royal courts, dynastic quarrels, and vaulting ambitions.
modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory.
mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch, and to all sentinels, whether at Elsinore or on the battlements at Mycenae, the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle.
princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold.
similarly the sufferings of Hamlet, Othello, or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state.
the CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein, plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy- from" Johnny Get Your Gun" to" Keep the Home Fires Burning" to" Mademoiselle from Armentieres".
the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of Macbeth.
the art of Defoe and Richardson is founded on an awareness of this great change.
the hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard 3,.
the image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in < Phedre > and < Athalie >.
the intimations of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of disparity.
the modes of the imagination implicit in Athenian tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of Descartes and Newton.
the novel was not only the presenter of the new, secular, rationalistic, private world of the middle class.
the reality of Orestes entails that of the Furies;
the same metaphors of swift ascent and calamitous decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to Alcibiades and Essex.
the sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides.
the shadows cast by the personages of Greek and Shakespearean drama lengthen into a greater darkness.
the thunderclaps over the sacred wood at Colonus and the storms in < King Lear > are caused by more than weather.
the tragic stage is a platform extending precariously between heaven and hell.
the wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre.
the word" tragedy" encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example.
they are enacted at the heart of the body politic.
those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation.
to say this is to set aside the realness of time.
tragedy presumes such a configuration.
we cannot conceive of Oedipus without a Sphinx, nor of Hamlet without a Ghost.
we no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo.
we see at once what Victor Hugo means when he calls Macbeth a northern scion of the house of Atreus.
with the < Discours de la methode > and the < Principia > the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world.
with the rise to power of the middle class the centre of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the private.
+ **f more **f peeter Rowswell tooke order with his master to paie for mee".
+ synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie **f for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide.
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history.
Adrian Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day, since the bearer of the letter, the bailiff, was expected to reach London on November 1.
Baker added:" I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to **f Rychard mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei".
Baker wrote:" I tooke order with **f E& Grevile for the payment of Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London.
Daniel Baker deluged his" Unckle Quyne" with requests to pay money for him to drapers in Watling Street and at the Two Cats in Canning Street.
Quiney was in London again in June, 1601, and in November, when he rode up, as Shakespeare must often have done, by way of Oxford, High Wycombe, and Uxbridge, and home through Aylesbury and Banbury.
Richard Quiney the younger, a schoolboy of eleven, wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks (" < chartaceos libellos >" ) for him and his brother.
Stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town, with household goods, to the value of twelve thousand pounds.
Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported, wrote Sturley," that our countriman **f **f Shak& would procure us monei: which I will like of as I shall heare when wheare + howe: and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions.
Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had" more monei presente much might be done to obtaine our Charter enlargd, ij& faires more, with tole of corne, bestes, and sheepe, and a matter of more valewe then all that".
Sturley thought that this matter might be" the rest of the tithes and the College houses and landes in our towne".
Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells, for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as" a scrivener within Temple Bar, that deals in many matters for my L& Essex" through Sir Gelly Merrick, especially in" causes that he would not be known of".
William Parsons and William Walford, drapers, asked Quiney to see to business matters in London.
a court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority.
a letter signed" Isabell Bardall" entreated" Good Cozen" Quiney to find her stepson Adrian, son of George Bardell, a place in London with some handicraftsman.
a nation may go to war on some trifling pretext, when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake.
a report of **f Edw: Grevyles minaces to the Baileefe Aldermen + Burgesses of Stratforde" tells how Quiney was injured by Greville's men:" in the tyme **f Ryc' Quyney was bayleefe ther came some of them whoe beinge druncke fell to braweling in ther hosts howse wher thei druncke + drewe ther dagers uppon the hoste: att a faier tyme the Baileefe being late abroade to see the towne in order + comminge by in **f hurley Burley.
accompanied by" Master Greene our solicitor" ( Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple, Shakespeare's" cousin" ), Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke, attorney general, and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper" that we might have access to their master for his counsel **h butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles" ( the Essex rising on February 8 ).
after Quiney was elected bailiff in September, 1601, without Greville's approval, Greene wrote him that Coke had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised" that the office of bayly may be exercised as it is taken upon you, ( **f Edwardes his consent not beinge hadd to the swearinge of you )".
after returning to Stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it, and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and Shakespeare's father.
all areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment, and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography.
all which cost me at the least @20".
allso that if monei might be had for 30 or **f a lease + c& might be procured".
and I was six days going thither and coming homewards;
another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks;
asked by the townsmen to cease his suit, Greville had answered that" hytt shulde coste hym **f first + sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we".
came into the howse + commawnded the peace to be kept butt colde nott prevayle + in hys endevor to sticle the brawle had his heade grevouselye brooken by one of hys [ Greville's ] men whom nether hym selfe [ Greville ] punnished nor wolde suffer to be punnished but with a shewe to turne them awaye + enterteyned agayne".
during 1598 and 1599 he made" manye Guiftes of myne owne provision bestowed uppon Cowrtiers + others for the better effectinge of our suites in hande".
further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds.
he also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market.
he asked Quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and, if not, to send to the lodging of Sir Edward and entreat him to pay what he owed.
he listed what he had spent for" My own diet in London eighteen weeks, in which I was sick a month;
he set down that" I gave **f Greene a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney".
he suggested offering half to Sir Edward, fearing lest" he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe, as he served us the last time".
he was allowed forty-four pounds in all, including fees to the masters of requests, Mr& Fanshawe of the Exchequer, the solicitor general, and other officials and their clerks.
he was in London" searching records for our town's causes" in 1600 with young Henry Sturley, the assistant schoolmaster.
here was another indispensable tool.
his letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before.
his mother Bess, who could not write herself, reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and" a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined + trimmed with silke" ( for John, only a year old ).
his servant Robin Whitney threatened Quiney, who had Whitney bound to" the good abaringe" to keep the peace.
if he borrowed money from Shakespeare or with his help, he would now have been able to repay the loan.
in his second letter the old mercer advised his son" to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet.
indeed, he concluded that" geographical conditions have exercised a great, possibly a preponderating, influence over man's destiny".
lady Greville, daughter of the late Lord Chancellor Bromley and niece of Sir John Fortescue, was offered twenty pounds by the townsmen to make peace;
my mare at coming up 14 days;
no one, he wrote, took any corn of Greville 's, for his bailiff of husbandry" swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande be hynde hym".
often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying.
she" labored + thought she shuld effecte" it but her husband said that" we shuld wynne it by the sworde".
since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in Stratford, his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602.
the chancellor of the Exchequer wrote on the petition:" in myn opinion it is very resonable and conscionable for hir ma < ies > tie to graunt in relief of this towne twise afflicted and almost wasted by fire".
the corporation proposed Chief Justice Anderson for an arbiter, sending him a gift of sack and claret.
the failure of Greece to reach the imperial destiny that Periclean Athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical conformation.
the fall of Rome, the discovery of precious metals, and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed.
the queen agreed on December 17, a warrant was signed on January 27, and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27, 1598.
they react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law.
this refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590, when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself.
this seems to refer, not to the loan Richard had asked for, but to a proposed bargain with Shakespeare.
unconsciously, governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so.
when Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft, Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21, 1600, and were charged with riot by Sir Edward.
when the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence, he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides.
wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money".
yff yow bargen with **f sha **h [ so in the MS ] or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom **h.
Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man.
Catherwood, an architect in New York, had been forgotten, like Stephens, and Victor reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs, for a museum, a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones.
I could never forget the gaiety with which, when he was both blind and deaf, he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures;
I had always thought of that lovable man as many years older than myself, although he was perhaps only twenty years older, and he confirmed my feeling, along with the feeling of both my sons, that teachers of the classics are invariably endearing.
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book, and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from Sing Sing and who called me night after night.
I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes, recently discovered, that he had studied in his eighties.
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book < The Building of Eternal Rome >, and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets, although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge.
I never met John Dewey, whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky;
I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five,- he had remarried at the age of ninety,- and he asked me, when once I returned from Rome, if I knew the Cavallinis in the church of St& Cecilia in Trastevere.
Sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of Epicurus whom, with his followers, Dante put in hell;
Stephens had written his classic" incidents of travel" about these regions a hundred years before, and Catherwood, who had studied Piranesi in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece, had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text.
Victor had been stirred by my account of him in < Makers and Finders, > for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom Melville had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting.
Victor had led an adventurous life.
Victor's book on John Lloyd Stephens was largely written in my study in the house at Weston.
and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a rainstorm, unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella, although he was at the time ninety years old.
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup.
as a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon, he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal, the sacred bird of the old Mayans.
as their interpreter and guide, he had broken with Tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world.
at Lee Simonson's house, I had dined with Edith Hamilton, the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with < The Greek Way >.
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after Hemingway had moved to Cuba.
but he defended the doctrine in < The Art of Happiness >, and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues, health, frugality, privacy, culture and friendship?
but one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy, and I later remembered that this boy, thirty years before, had struck me as coming to no good.
despite their adherence to the < status quo >, the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge.
doctrine was not only mysterious;
finally we got them out of the house, after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis, threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fu^hrer.
he felt as I felt about this best of all my books, that it was" really tops".
he had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years, the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway, the route of Pizarro in Peru, but he had climbed to the original El Dorado, the Andean lake of Guatemala, and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo.
he had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York, where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic.
he had written to me about a dinner he had had with the Benedictine monks at St& Anselm's Priory in Washington.
he replied," My first choice would be Mark Howe".
he said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression, but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house.
he said," Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history.
he was a captain, he said, in the army, and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been stolen, and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General Delivery window?
his < metier > was the American tropics, and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river.
his reading ranged from Agatha Christie to the Book of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures, while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before.
in < The Law of Civilization and Decay > Brooks Adams traced this evolution, always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational, the substance remained unchanged.
in fact, he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador.
it reminded me of my other professor, Edward Kennard Rand, of whom I had been so fond when I was at Harvard, the great mediaevalist and classical scholar who had asked me to call him" Ken", saying," Age counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life < sub specie aeternitatis" >.
it was also sacred," and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws".
moreover, he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands, among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there, and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies.
never hearing from him again, I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old.
of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression, and when he was asked," Whom would you send"?
of course it was not meant to be.
some have felt that Washington Irving comes out rather slimly, but let them look at the title of the book".
the dark views about the Puritans found in < The Emancipation of Massachusetts > were never altered.
the power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle, and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah".
the relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths.
then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of W& E& Burghardt Du Bois, who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who, with < The Crisis >, had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him.
then he began to have epileptic fits.
then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight Sedgwick, an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of Montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work.
there had been reading at table, especially from two books, Pope Gregory the Great's account of St& Scholastica in his < Dialogues > and my own < The World of Washington Irving >.
there had been something sinister about him that warned me against him,- I had never felt that way about any other boy,- but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me.
there were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last, all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives.
these basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were, Adams believed, some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society.
this friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston.
this intervention could only be controlled by priests, and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class.
thus, the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution, determined to resist the forces of change, to identify itself with the political rulers, and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses.
to Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination, and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity- a sentiment he would have probably denied.
to the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson, the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me" Boy" when I was sixty.
two or three times, C& C& Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston, that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb.
we found that a charitable society in New York had a long case-history of the two;
we lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis.
well he knew the sleepless nights, the howling sore-ridden dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the Kofanes and Huitotoes.
yet, the idea imbedded in each was identical: to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God.
" and from now on, for the rest of this trip, I will only drink what you agree that I should drink".
#RECAPITULATION OF MILTON 'S UNDERGRADUATE CAREER# Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days, certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us.
Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy, and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner, or, on one of their walking trips, beer, or, in France and Italy, wine in moderation.
Blackman said that he wanted to apologize for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself, that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom.
Christ's College was well represented that year in the < ordo >, and the name highest on the list from that college was Milton's, fourth in the entire university.
Earl agreed, and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him.
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and, motoring and walking, took him to Stratford, but the London stay was for only ten days, and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton, where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing.
Lewis himself furthered these tales.
Lewis looked at him and began to cry, and then, saying that he was going to make a promise, he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want.
Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him, and then Blackman asked for his fare back to the United States.
Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt, Brace + Company for information, to pursue Mrs& Lewis to Cromwell Hall, and, after she had returned to New York, to ferret her out at the Stanhope on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment.
Lewis, at the head of the table, would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that, when not highly offensive, were at least highly inappropriate, and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed.
Manningham also proceeded M&A& in 1632 and became a fellow of his college in that year.
Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor, proctor, master, or other mighty hand.
Venn gave his B&A& as 1624, a mistake for 1629.
[ John ] Boutflower of Christ's was twelfth in the list, coming from Perse School under Mr& Lovering as pensioner 20 April 1625 under Mr& Alsop.
and she replied," I was born in America, < but > I was < conceived > in < Vienna" >.
as the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was, according to Masson ( < Life >, 1:218 and n ), two hundred fifty-nine, the twenty-four names listed in the < ordo senioritatis > for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted.
at once upon his arrival, he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea, and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends.
before his departure, a group of his friends, the Reverend Stidger among them, had given him a luncheon, and Stidger had seen advance sheets of < Elmer Gantry >.
but his rancor did not cease, and presently, on March 13, when he preached a sermon on the text," And Ben-hadad Was Drunk", he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr& Lewis, how he regretted having had him in his house, and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book.
but that sermon, like those of hundreds of other ministers, was yet to be delivered.
finally, at dawn, he fell asleep, and when he awoke and came into the living room, he found Lewis in his pajamas before the fire, smoking a cigarette.
from 1613 on, if the lists exist, they contain between twenty to thirty names.
he became a fellow of Jesus in 1629, proceeded M&A& from Jesus in 1632, and was proctor in 1639-40.
he began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming, and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries.
he evidently earned the place assigned him.
he invited Lady Sybil, Lord Thomson, Bechhofer Roberts, and a half dozen others.
he is said to have reported that once, when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation, and the friend protested that it had been" nothing", she replied," Well, it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through".
he proceeded M&A& in 1632, and B&D& in 1639, being made fellow in 1632.
he said," We had a good time tonight, did n't we, Earl"?
he suggested that they call on these brothers, who received them pleasantly.
he was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633.
he was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices.
his English friends, it said, had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his" allegro movements around the luncheon table".
in London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street.
it is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them.
it was a dinner party, Lewis had been drinking during the afternoon, and long before the party really got under way, he was quite drunk, with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over.
it was late, and Blackman was ready to go to sleep, but Lewis was not.
it would, however, reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors, and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting.
l& M& Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent.
near Southampton, in a considerable establishment, lived Homer Vachell, a well-known pulp writer, and his brother, Horace- both friends of Lewis 's.
of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished.
of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received.
one had it that a friend, protesting her snobbery, said," But, Gracie, you are an American, are n't you"?
small wonder that Milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there, since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other inceptor from Christ 's of that year.
the < Manchester Guardian > wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr& Lewis, since it was well known that Mr& Lewis always did all of the talking.
the New York < Times > editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr& Lewis and make him write a book.
the fifteenth name was [ Thomas ] Baldwin, admitted to Christ 's 4 March 1625 under Alsop.
the fourteenth name was [ Richard ] Buckenham, written Buckman, admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625.
the fourth name was [ John ] Milton of Christ's College, followed by [ Richard ] Manningham of Peterhouse, who matriculated 16 October 1624.
the list was headed by [ Henry ] Hutton of St& John 's who was matriculated from St& John 's at Easter, 1625.
the process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy, as Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot, to the higher officers of the college and university.
the second name was [ Edward ] Kempe, matriculated from Queens' College at Easter, 1625.
the third name was [ John ] Ravencroft, who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631.
then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which, discussing the evening, he was continually berated.
then the various officers of the college might take up the case.
then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed.
there were four from St& John's and four from Christ 's, three from Pembroke, and two from each of the colleges, Jesus, Peterhouse, Queens', and Trinity, with Caius, Clare, King's, Magdalene, and Sidney supplying one each in the < ordo senioritatis >.
there, to the < Evening Post, > she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son, which henceforth would be strictly American.
these rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her.
to the newspapers he talked about his unquiet life, about his wish to be a newspaperman once more, about the prevalence of American slang in British speech, about the loquacity of the English and the impossibility of finding quiet in a railway carriage, about his plans to wander for two years" unless stopped and made to write another book".
when Blackman emerged from the bedroom, everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord Thomson, who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour, and then Blackman lay awake most of that night, despairing of what he must expect on the Continent.
with these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends, all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its environs.
" boy, you ai n't fooling nobody but yourself".
" looking young for your age" means" for your age" and it means no more.
" young for his age" means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual.
## We often say of a person that he" looks young for his age" or" old for his age".
< the Space Merchants, > like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch 's < The Measure of Man > and C& S& Lewis 's < The Abolition of Man, > considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature.
Clifford D& Simak's" How-2" ( 1954 ) tells of a future when robots have taken over, leaving men nothing to do;
Frederick Pohl 's" The Midas Touch" ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which, in order to remain prosperous, must set its robots to consuming surplus production;
James Blish 's < A Case of Conscience > ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters;
Pohl and Kornbluth 's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with" every basic trauma and neurosis in American life", which work on the libido of consumers, which are linked to the" great prime motivations of the human spirit".
Ray Bradbury's < Fahrenheit 451 > ( 1954 ) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds;
Walter M& Miller, Jr& 's, < A Canticle for Leibowitz > ( 1959 ) finds men, after the great atomic disaster, stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe;
a mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young.
a more complete list would also include Bradbury 's" The Pedestrian" ( 1951 ), Philip K& Dick's < Solar Lottery > ( 1955 ), David Karp 's < One > ( 1953 ), Wilson Tucker 's < The Long Loud Silence > ( 1952 ), Jack Vance 's < To Live Forever > ( 1956 ), Gore Vidal's < Messiah > ( 1954 ), and Bernard Wolfe's < Limbo > ( 1952 ), as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias, Frederik Pohl and C& M& Kornbluth 's < The Space Merchants > ( 1953 ), Kurt Vonnegut's < Player Piano > ( 1952 ), and John Wyndham's < Re-Birth > ( 1953 ), works which we will later examine in detail.
age may be idealistic, believing and much given to professions of optimism.
among the dystopias, for example, Isaac Asimov 's < The Caves of Steel > ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future;
an assumption of youth, or the presence of a few youthful characteristics, deceives no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair.
and Robert Sheckley 's < The Status Civilization > ( 1960 ) describes a world which, frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it, becomes static and conformist.
and among works of dystopian science fiction, not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction.
and the atmosphere is so befouled that no one dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs.
and the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered.
and they have done this on a very large scale, with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements.
and this means, I suppose, that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind.
and this, of course, is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way, with its" hidden persuaders" and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision.
and to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research, who, for example, tell Courtenay that three days is the" optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase"- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it.
and we do it by taking talent- and redirecting it".
as Courtenay explains," Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women.
as the hero, Mitchell Courtenay, explains before his conversion, the job of advertising is" to convince people without letting them know that they' re being convinced".
because of the means of publication- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known, though one fact is evident: the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations.
but the only ideal he can think of is" Sales"!
but there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's < mind > in even a cracked mirror.
but there is, nevertheless, always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held.
easily the best known of these three novels is < The Space Merchants, > a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life, though its most important warning is in this area, namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put.
for example, even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night;
how effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth 's < The Space Merchants, > Vonnegut's < Player Piano > and Wyndham's < Re-Birth >.
if it proclaims that the best is yet to be, it always arouses, at least in the young, either a suspicious question or perhaps the exclamation of the Negro youth who saw on a tombstone the inscription," I am not dead but sleeping".
if man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do, then someone- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people.
in addition, there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined, for science-fiction dystopias often extrapolate political, social, economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology.
indeed, again and again, the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists, once they have seen through human nature, will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them.
its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does.
like ours, the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive, and, like ours, it is based on the principle of" ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption".
nevertheless, with all these qualifications and exceptions, the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology, instead of bringing utopia, may well enslave, dehumanize, and even destroy men.
no good can come of contemplating the sad, inevitable fact that once youth has passed" a worse and worse time still succeeds the former".
not all recent science fiction, however, is dystopian, for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in < Mission of Gravity > and < Childhood's End, > as we have seen, as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like Fred Hoyle 's < The Black Cloud > ( 1957 );
now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators, that is, what are their values?- since, as Courtenay says," Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he 's motivated by the highest ideals".
rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting" a science of man and his motives".
similarly the optimism of age protests too much.
since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years, it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of < Nineteen Eighty-Four, > an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room 101, along with education by conditioning from < Brave New World, > a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful Orwell dystopia.
soyaburgers have replaced meat, and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive jewelry;
stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there.
the consequences, of course, have been dreadful: reckless expansion has led to overpopulation, pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources.
the novel, which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric, describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population, the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations, control the rest of the people, the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers, with the government being no more than" a clearing house for pressures".
the novels and stories like Pohl's < Drunkard's Walk > ( 1960 ), with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background- in this case an uneasy, overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected, university-trained elite runs everything- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias.
the pessimism of the young is defiant, anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom, and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth.
there is, of course, nothing new about dystopias, for they belong to a literary tradition which, including also the closely related satiric utopias, stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and Swift's < Gulliver's Travels > to the twentieth century and Zamiatin's < We, > Capek's < War with the Newts, > Huxley's < Brave New World, > E& M& Forster 's" The Machine Stops", C& S& Lewis 's < That Hideous Strength, > and Orwell 's < Nineteen Eighty-Four, > and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's trilogy, < The Time Machine, >" A Story of the Days to Come", and < When the Sleeper Wakes, > and as recently as Jack Williamson 's" With Folded Hands" ( 1947 ), the classic story of men replaced by their own robots.
those famous lines of the Greek Anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude:" Venus take my votive glass, Since I am not what I was, What from this day I shall be, Venus, let me never see".
thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet, the person" capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing".
thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners, and the controlled.
we cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old.
we may say of some unfortunates that they were never young.
what is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an" outrage, an assault on people's mental privacy" or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ).
what makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life.
while < The Space Merchants > indicates, as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed, some of the" impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power" and satirizes" existing habits in the advertising profession", its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper.
yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is.
youth may be, and often is, skeptical, cynical or despairing;
" I thought I knew more than my education had taught me" notes the narrator," because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith".
" and the more the action claims to be total, the smaller is the part of man engaged".
" as a writer, by what have I been obsessed these last ten years, if not by mankind?
" he was not much older than myself" writes the narrator," when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now obsesses me, and which makes me begin, perhaps, to understand him".
" man engages only a small part of himself in an action" says old Alvear the art-historian;
# < The Walnut Trees of Altenburg > is composed in the form of a triptych, with the two small side panels framing and enclosing the main central episode of the novel.
# Andre Malraux 's < The Walnut Trees of Altenburg > was written in the early years of the second World War, during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France.
< the Walnut Trees of Altenburg > includes not one war but two, and throws in a Turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure.
> and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's life ) when the Gestapo destroyed the rest.
Malraux pretends, perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty, that his fragmentary work will accordingly" appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles" and" to connoisseurs of what might have been".
Malraux, to be sure, does not abandon the world of violence, combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist, and which is the only world, apparently, in which his imagination can flame into life.
Vincent Berger's mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver Pasha counted does not exist.
a good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind.
a professor at the University of Constantinople, where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the" philosophy of action", Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey.
and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive, Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident.
and by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a" Roman-camp stockade", the hastily erected lean-to is a" Babylonian hovel", the men begin to look like" Peruvian mummies" and to acquire" Gothic faces" ), Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance- which is also the endurance of the human- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time.
and has then gone on to argue, with unimpeachable consistency, that all the obviously non-propagandistic aspects of the book are simply inadvertent" contradictions".
and it should be far better known than it is.
and the narrator recalls the words of his father, Vincent Berger:" it is not by any amount of scratching at the individual that one finally comes down to mankind".
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done.
and, after becoming the right-hand man of Enver Pasha, he is sent by the latter to pave the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing" the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from Adrianople to the Chinese oases on the Silk Trade Route".
as an Alsatian before the first World War he was of course of German nationality;
awkwardly and laboriously, in stiff, unemotional phrases, the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love;
but as he remarks in his preface to < The Walnut Trees, >" a novel can hardly ever be rewritten", and" when this one appears in its final form, the form of the first part **h will no doubt be radically changed".
but he quickly involves himself in the Young Turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism.
but now he knows" that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary, he is any man whose reasoning, however elementary it may be, affects and directs his life".
but while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express, these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power, or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression- as their necessary condition.
central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it;
despite these facts the question" Should no murderer ever be executed"?
even in its present form, however, the first part of Malraux's unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature;
even so apparently impartial a critic as W& H& Frohock has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of Loyalist propaganda;
for as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity, as they lose all the appanage of their acquired culture, he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind.
for here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man, or, as Malraux himself puts it," to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves".
for the figure of Vincent Berger Malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of T& E& Lawrence ( though Berger fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ), and like both Lawrence and Malraux himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche.
from this point of view the" militant mobs" of the past, stirred into action by one ideology or another, were all composed of" intellectuals"- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered.
here I am face to face with the primeval stuff".
if we are to believe the list of titles printed in Malraux's latest book, < La Metamorphose des Dieux, > Vol& 1, ( 1957 ), he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title.
is this not Malraux himself alluding to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological?
it is this larger theme of the" quality of man", a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into" the human", which now forms the pulsating heart of Malraux's artistic universe.
like Malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured, and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer.
much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator ( whose full name is never given ) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres.
nothing, however, could be farther from the truth.
nowhere before in Malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a" quality of man" which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether- both the action of Malraux's early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and Garine, and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like Kyo Gisors and Katow in < Man's Fate >.
on the contrary, the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio.
punishment of the wrongdoer, so liberals are inclined to say, can have only three possible justifications: revenge, reformation or deterrent example.
seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer.
the entire middle section of < The Walnut Trees > is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself, whose fragmentary notes on his" encounters with mankind" are now conveyed by his son.
the framing scenes, on the other hand, both take place in the late Spring of 1940, just at the moment of the defeat of France in the second great world conflict.
the human is deeper than a mass ideology, certainly deeper than the isolated individual;
the intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text;
the manuscript, presumably after being smuggled out of the country, was published in Switzerland in 1943.
the men around him, observes the narrator," have been living from day to day for thousands of years".
the narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of pre-history, learning of man's" age-old familiarity with misfortune", as well as his" equally age-old ingenuity, his secret faith in endurance, however crammed with catastrophes, the same faith perhaps as the cave-men used to have in the face of famine".
the narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Army, and he has the same name ( Berger ) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance;
the theme of < The Walnut Trees of Altenburg > is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in Malraux's array of novels: < man's Hope > ( 1937 ).
the whole purpose of < Man's Hope > is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty, justice and human dignity.
the work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called < La Lutte avec l' Ange;
these biographical analogies are obvious, and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications.
these lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat, and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war.
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts.
this central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War.
this magnificent but greatly underestimated book, which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation, has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event- the Spanish Civil War- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds.
this new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view.
what does the narrator see and what does he feel?
" it might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee wee golf", wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the < Evergreen Review >, and he may have been right.
# The burden of these reflections is that a broader unity among the free nations is at the core of our needs.
( < Downbeat > did not mention the Los Angeles appearance of Patchen and the Sextet, although the engagement lasted over two months.
( Judy Tristano now has poems as well as ballads written for her.
) but the best known exploiters of the new medium are Kenneth Rexroth and Kenneth Patchen.
) the stated goal of the CJS is the synthesis of jazz and" serious" music.
I believe that these proposals, however meritorious in terms of world needs, go far beyond our capacity to realize them.
Lawrence Ferlenghetti and Bruce Lippincott have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz, and the vocabulary of the musician.
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people.
Patchen envisions a Dark Kingdom which" stands above the waters as a sentinel warning man of danger from his own kind".
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms;
Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles, and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group, maintaining a self-imposed isolation, even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear.
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments.
Rexroth is a longtime jazz buff, a name-dropper of jazz heroes, and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz.
THE recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the" San Francisco Renaissance" have been as popular as they are notorious.
a realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand, and our capacity to achieve them on the other, must be approached through the concept of" community".
a realistic" concert of free nations" might be expected to consist of an" inner community" of the North Atlantic nations and an" outer community" embracing much or all of the non-Communist world.
a working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction.
a" concert of free nations" should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted" rules of the game".
actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom overlap;
although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz, the musical group that he works with, the Chamber Jazz Sextet, is often ignored by jazz critics.
and if we do not aspire to too much, it is also within our capacity.
art" makings" or pseudo-anthropological myths did not meet all of Patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of reference.
beauty as well as love is redemptive, and Patchen preaches a kind of moral salvation.
beginning in < Cloth of the Tempest > ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art, using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story, as in < Sleepers Awake >, and constructing elaborate" poems-in-drawing-and-type" in which it is impossible to distinguish between the" art" and the poetry.
but a powerful sense of community, even with little or no machinery, means a great deal.
constitutions of and by themselves mean little;
even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry.
from the beginning of his career, Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry.
generally, however, there is an abundance of available machinery of coo^rdination- in NATO, in O&E&C&D&, in the U&N& and elsewhere.
he had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951, and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry.
he has experimented instead with personal myth-making.
he spoke for a" proletariat" that included" all the lost and sick and hunted of the earth".
his first book, < Before the Brave > ( 1936 ), is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic, but after publication of this book he rejected Communism, and advocated a pacifistic anarchy, though retaining his revolutionary idiom.
history has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent.
however, his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent, and these, together with certain key poetic images, may be traced through all his work, including the new jazz experiments.
in Patchen's eyes, organized churches are as odious as organized governments, and Christian symbols, having been taken over by the moneyed classes, are now agents of corruption.
in San Francisco he has worked with Brew Moore, Charlie Mingus, and other" swinging" musicians of secure reputation, thus placing himself within established jazz traditions, in addition to being a part of the San Francisco" School".
in a recent book called" World Peace Through World Law", two distinguished lawyers, Grenville Clark and Louis Sohn, call for just such an overhaul of the U&N&, basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust.
it follows that the solution to the current disunity of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of devising new machinery of consultation and coo^rdination.
it is for these reasons that proposals for a" new world order", through radical overhaul of the United Nations or through some sort of world federation, are utterly fatuous.
it is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system, but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world.
it is very much a matter of building the foundations of community.
many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and political;
much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a" pseudo-anthropological" myth reference, which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language.
new machinery of coo^rdination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future- though perhaps the" political general staff" of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose.
only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy.
our problem, therefore, is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations, adjusted to the real world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communities.
our proper objective, then, is the development of a new spirit, the realization of a potential community.
running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man, the capacity for love and brotherhood, the ability to appreciate beauty.
so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946, Patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference, and the" private eye" as a myth hero.
speaking in terms of sociological stereotype, the" private eye" might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons.
such proposals look to an apocalyptic act, a kind of Lockian" social contract" on a world-wide scale.
that is the lesson of the nineteenth century.
the Dark Kingdom sends Angels of Death and other fateful messengers down to us with stern tenderness.
the defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible.
the failures of the U&N& and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was internationally feasible.
the history of both the League of Nations and the United Nations demonstrates that.
the history of the U&N& demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion.
the trouble with this machinery is that it is not used and the reason that it is not used is the absence of a conscious sense of community among the free nations.
these early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to Patchen.
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death.
this salvation does not take the form of a Christian Heaven.
under the general heading" poetry-and-jazz" widely divergent experiments have been carried out.
" I had natural sock", he says, ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description, dialogue, and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing".
< Kenyon, Sewanee, > and < Hudson > operated in an" Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill";
< commentary > was a mere suburb of < Partisan Review, > the arch-enemy.
< partisan > has failed, Krim says, for being" snob-clannish, overcerebral, Europeanish, aristocratically alienated" from the U&S&.
< qui s 'excuse s 'accuse, > as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say.
God knows that < Partisan > and the rest often were, and remain, guilty of intellectual flatulence.
I do not want to quibble about typicality;
Krim came to believe that" the novel as a form had outlived its vital meaning".
Krim says, in short, that he is a suffering Jew.
Krim was able to get an advance for a novel, and time and opportunity to write at Yaddo, but it was no good.
Krim's main attack is upon the aesthetic and the publishing apparatus of American literary culture in our day.
Krim's typicality consists only in his New Yorker's view that New York is the world;
Saul Bellow and Bernard Malamud, through intellectual toughness, perception, through experience in fact, have obviously liberated themselves from any sentimental Krim self-indulgence they might have been tempted to.
and again," how can you write when you have n't yet read ' Bartleby the Scrivener '"?
and they traveled out of New York.
at other points in his narrative, Krim associates Jewishness with unappeasable literary ambition, with abstraction, with his personal turning aside from the good, the true, and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of James T& Farrell to the international, the false, and the inflated.
both magazines were" rigid with < reactionary > what-will-T& S& Eliot-or-Martin Buber-think?
but I 've got news for Krim: he 's not typical, he 's pretty special.
closely related to his illusions about his typicality is Krim 's complicated feeling about his Jewishness.
fear **h".
finally, there is the undeniable fact that some of the finest American fiction is being written by Jews, but it is not < Jewish > fiction;
had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill, he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable.
he displays what outlanders call the New York mind, a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself.
he moved in a" highly intellectual" group in Greenwich Village in the late forties, becoming" internationalized" overnight.
he returned to New York to work for < The New Yorker, > to edit a Western pulp, to" duck the war in the OWI", to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel, then he began his career as critic for various magazines.
he writes," Most of my friends and I were Jewish;
his may typify a certain kind of postwar New York experience, but his experience is certainly not typical of his" generation 's".
his" articulate Jewish friends" convinced him that education ( read" reading" ) was" a must".
in a certain sense, one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not.
in any case, who ever thought that New York is typical of anything?
in his fulminating against the literary world, Krim is really struggling with the New Yorker in himself, but it 's a losing battle.
in their stupidity and arrogance they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of pogroms and ghettos.
it is a publishing and public relations center, but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike provincialism and untruth.
it was" the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness **h".
men of Krim's age, aspirations, and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war.
more important is the simple human point that all men suffer, and that it is a kind of anthropological-religious pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else 's.
now he has abandoned all that to be A Writer.
only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center.
screwed, stewed, and tattooed, as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors.
sociological jargon, Germano-Slavic approximations to English, third-rate but modish fiction, and outrages to common sense have often disfigured < Partisan, > and in lesser degree, the other magazines on the list.
some of us have imagination and sensibility too.
the New York mind is two parts abstraction and one part misinformation about the rest of the country and in fact the world.
the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible intellectual-literary ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined.
the most obvious characteristic of contemporary American writing, apart from the beat nonsense, is its cosmopolitanism.
the only possible answer to that is, I am a suffering Franco-Irishman.
the process of cosmopolitanism had begun in earnest about 1912, but the First War and the depression virtually stalled that process in its tracks.
the work for < Commonweal > was more satisfying than work for < Commentary >" because of the staff 's tiptoeing fear of making a booboo".
their example caused Krim and his friends to put on" Englishy airs, affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and social-register unnaturalness **h in order to slip through their narrow transoms and get into their pages".
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal blushes about appearing ' Jewish ' in subway, bus, racetrack, movie house, any of the public places that used to make the Jew of my generation self-conscious ( heavy thinkers walking across Seventh Avenue without their glasses on, willing to dare the trucks as long as they did n't look like the ikey-kikey caricature of the Yiddish intellectual ) **h".
then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for < The New York Times Book Review, The Commonweal, Commentary, > had a small piece in < Partisan Review, > and moved on to < Hudson, The Village Voice, > and < Exodus >.
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines, but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat;
they did not worry about" experience", because experience thrust itself upon them.
they did not" duck the war" but they fought in it, however reluctantly;
they found out who they were and what they could do, then within the limits of their talent they did it.
they read widely and eclectically;
they sweated out some kind of formal education;
this is not to deny the existence of pogroms and ghettos, but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them, that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion, which they call oppression and pain.
through all this raving, Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite, the attack on intelligence, upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn.
we all love to suffer, but some of us love to suffer more than others.
we were also literary;
what Krim ignores, in his contempt for history and for accuracy, is that these magazines, < Partisan > foremost, brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950.
when < Partisan > and < Kenyon > set up shop, Mencken was still accepted as an arbiter of taste ( remember Hergesheimer?
within themselves, just as people, my friends were often tortured and unappeasably bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily unique-ingrown-screwedup breed;
without the good magazines, without their book reviews, their hospitality to European writers, without above all their awareness of literary standards, we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes- Wolfes, Farrells, Dreisers, and I might add, Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse- and then where would we be?
" I am not familiar with the expression".
" bullshit", he said softly.
" excuse me", the European said.
" oh, it would be butchery all right", the European said.
" we would see it that way, but it was glorious < then >.
( it is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason.
) and then there were ecclesiastical matters, the matter of Garibaldi's anti-clericalism.
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof.
I suffer from mixed feelings.
I thought: who is older now?
across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house, shot to hell that day in 1849, and left that way as a memorial.
all that the English lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base.
and then there were other things.
and there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all.
around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city, in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi 's fallen men, the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and, under fire all the way, up the long, straight narrow lane to take, then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili.
as it happens the English lady is a good Catholic herself, but of more liberal political persuasion.
faced with a gesture like Di Bosis', I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend.
for one thing, there was n't going to be any ceremony at all this year.
gossip had it ( for gossip is the soul of Rome ) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes.
he flew over Rome one day during the early days of Mussolini and scattered leaflets over the city, denouncing the Fascists.
he had crashed on take off once before.
he had made an assault once with 180 men.
he is thought either to have been killed by the Fascists as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane.
he really did n't know how to fly.
he said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that, no matter who gave the order and what for.
he was a well-to-do, handsome, and sensitive young poet.
he was never heard of again.
he was, thus, an early and spectacular victim.
his bust shows an intense, mustached, fine-featured face.
it is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro di Bosis.
it is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro di Bosis after the war.
it was a picked assault company.
it was absurd and dramatic.
it was the last time in history anybody could do something gloriously like that".
like everything else in Rome, ruins and monuments alike, that house is lived in.
most Romans, even some postmen, know it by the old name.
no poetry, no airplanes, no dancers.
nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome.
now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell.
object- a village crossroads.
old world and new world.
once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane.
our companion was a huge, plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944.
she also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro di Bosis.
she had her reasons for this.
some of the marble busts in the park are of young Englishmen who fought and died for Garibaldi.
that is how the real routine of resistance goes on, and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces, piece by piece, without quitting.
the English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the Garibaldi monument on the 30th of April.
the apartment where we were talking that afternoon in March faced onto the street Garibaldi's men had charged up and along.
the sculptor looked at him, bugeyed and amazed, angry.
the sculptor looked at him, let the color drain out of his face, grinned, and looked down into his drink, a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin.
the things that happened in police station basements were dirty, grubby, and most often anonymous.
the whole thing, from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks, spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off, took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes.
there is a bronze wreath on the wall.
there was a new Pope and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days.
there were a few reasons for that, too: Garibaldi had been taken up and exploited by the Communists nowadays.
therefore the government wanted no part of him.
they made it, killed every last one of the Krauts, took the village on schedule.
they went up against an SS unit of comparable size, over a little rise of ground, over an open field.
this would show that somebody, even a foreigner living in Rome, cared.
we had walked it many times and shivered, figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French.
we were at a party once and heard an idealistic young European call that awful charge < glorious >.
when it was over, eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded.
when they lost it, the French artillery moved in, and that was the end for Garibaldi that time, on 30 April 1849.
#LOANS# _TO SMALL BUSINESS_ SBA makes loans to individual small business firms, providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms.
< U&S& Government Purchasing, Specifications, and Sales Directory >, 60 cents, are available from the Superintendent of Documents, U&S& Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D&C&.
< developing and Selling New Products >, 45 cents;
< new Product Introduction for Small Business Owners >, 30 cents;
> and < Small Business Pooling > are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&, and its regional offices.
Boston, Mass&;
Boston, Mass&;
Chicago, Ill&;
Chicago, Ill&;
Cleveland, Ohio;
Cleveland, Ohio;
Dallas, Tex&;
Dallas, Tex&;
Denver, Colo&;
Denver, Colo&;
Detroit, Mich&;
Detroit, Mich&;
Kansas City, Mo&;
Kansas City, Mo&;
Los Angeles, Calif&;
Los Angeles, Calif&;
Minneapolis, Minn&;
Minneapolis, Minn&;
Philadelphia, Pa&;
Philadelphia, Pa&;
Richmond, Va&;
Richmond, Va&;
SBA Business Loans;
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations.
San Francisco, Calif&;
San Francisco, Calif&;
_CONTACT_ For further information, contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga&;
_CONTACT_ For further information, contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga&;
_CREDIT REQUIREMENTS._ The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that, with loan assistance from the SBA, it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis.
_FACILITIES INVENTORY_ Section 8 ( b ) ( 2 ) of the Small Business Act, as amended, authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns.
_LOAN AMOUNT._ The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan.
_LOAN POLICIES._ SBA loans, which may be made to small manufacturers, small business pools, wholesalers, retailers, service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ), are to finance business construction, conversion, or expansion;
_PRINTED MATERIAL_ < Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does, SBA Services for Community Economic Development >, and various other useful publications on currently important management, technical production, and marketing topics are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&.
_PRINTED MATERIAL_ < Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does;
_TYPES OF LOANS._ SBA business loans are of two types:" participation" and" direct".
a proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment.
a small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field.
and Seattle, Wash&.
and Seattle, Wash&.
branch Offices are located in other large cities.
branch Offices are located in other large cities.
business loans generally are repayable in regular installments- usually monthly, including interest at the rate of 5-1 percent per annum on the unpaid balance- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years;
direct loans are those made by SBA alone.
evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided.
in addition, the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business.
it is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region.
many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth, thereby contributing substantially to community development programs.
new York, N&Y&;
new York, N&Y&;
or to supply working capital.
participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions.
purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration.
the Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered.
the maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000.
the purchase of equipment, facilities, machinery, supplies, or materials;
the record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income.
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years.
these services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants' field of operations.
to qualify for either type of loan, an applicant must be a small business or approved small business" pool" and must meet certain credit requirements.
#GENERAL LEAVE TO EXTEND# _MR& MCCORMACK._ Mr& Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the RECORD;
#REMARKS OF HON& JOSEPH P& ADDABBO OF NEW YORK# _MR& ADDABBO._ It is notably significant that so many Members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved Speaker, the Honorable SAM RAYBURN.
#e.
DEVELOPMENT REQUIRES A LONG-TERM APPROACH_ The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention, our resources, and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries.
ENCOURAGING A LONG-TERM APPROACH# _1.
I did so because I agree with so many here today, that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States.
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas.
PROVIDING AN INCENTIVE_ If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach, the United States, as the principal supplier of external aid, must be prepared to give long-term commitments.
THE SPECIFIC REASONS FOR A LONG-TERM APPROACH_ _(A ) THE NEED TO BUDGET A PERIOD OF YEARS._ Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods.
U&S& POSITION ON SELF-HELP_ The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis, tailored to priority needs, to those countries making serious efforts in self-help.
_(b ) THE NEED TO PLAN INVESTMENT PROGRAMS._ More importantly, several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence.
_(c ) THE NEED TO ALLOCATE COUNTRY RESOURCES._ Most important of all, the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources.
_2.
_3.
_3.
_AID IS A LONG-TERM PROCESS_ The whole program must be conceived of as an effort, stretching over a considerable number of years, to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world.
_GRADUALLY OTHERS WILL MOVE UP TO THE SAME LEVEL_ The number of countries thus favorably situated is small, but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world.
_MOST OF OUR AID WILL GO TO THOSE NEARING SELF-SUFFICIENCY_ How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country.
_THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE._ Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
a requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run, but it is politically essential in the long run.
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks.
and he said" The same fellow who has been running it, SAM RAYBURN".
and, like many of you here present, I hold as the highlight of all, the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House.
at that time, he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need, to speak about my background, my hopes, my views on various national and local topics, and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time.
but there will be still other countries where, despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help, we shall deem it wise, for political or military reasons, to give substantial economic assistance.
dams, river development schemes, transportation networks, educational systems require years to construct.
even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination.
for the dignity, the influence, and the power of the legislative branch of our Government- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country.
governments are rarely monolithic.
if they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities, they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required.
in many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts.
in several significant cases, such as India, a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance.
in still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity, the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible.
in this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments.
in this, as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities, the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones.
it is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted.
it must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba.
many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me.
meantime, over the decade of the sixties, we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth.
moreover, on complex projects, design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence.
moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt.
moreover, tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest.
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed.
perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments.
so, I say, Mr& Speaker, God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world.
some of the most dramatic successes of communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification- correct or not- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption.
the capital expansion programs of business firms involve multi-year budgeting and the same is true of country development programs.
the extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources, to set targets toward which they should be working, to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention, and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves, all on a realistic long-term basis, will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them.
the taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people.
there are other countries where, with skillful diplomacy, we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth.
there was no objection.
these cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance.
they must be induced to establish the necessary tax, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies.
they must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section.
they must, therefore, be related to long-range development plans.
this is not a short-run goal.
thus, as a development program is being launched, commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year.
to have any success in this effort, we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years, and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion.
to honor him is to honor ourselves.
without such forward planning, investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them;
yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty, corruption, and favoritism are widespread.
you have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis, the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs, come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known.
you remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago, when someone asked him when he was in Canada, and Dean Rusk was in Europe, and Vice President JOHNSON was in Asia," Who is running the store"?
" In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles, on July 1, 1958, the actual title to every vehicle was transferred, by Executive Order, to the Division of Methods, Research and Office Services.
#ORIGIN OF STATE AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES# _GENERAL BACKGROUND._ It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island.
Rhode Island's rate of .07@ per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a .09@ per mile average.
Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of .07@ per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates.
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency, the individual, or to a central pool.
_(2)_ The purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis.
_(3)_ Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy.
_(4)_ The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances.
_(5)_ Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles.
_(6)_ It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes.
_(7)_ The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars.
_AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES IN OTHER STATES._ A survey of practices and policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices.
_HISTORY AND OPERATION OF THE MOTOR POOL._ While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured, subsequent developments concerning the assignment, use, and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly.
_MILEAGE ALLOWANCES._ Mileage allowances for state employees are of two types: ( a ) actual mileage and ( b ) fixed monthly allowances.
_TRAVEL ALLOWANCES._ Travel allowances, including subsistence, have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances.
a review of these policies indicates: _(1)_ The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle.
actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of .07@ per mile.
actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state.
and reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth.
at that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties.
both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations.
but it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees.
few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940.
fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject.
fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis.
flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles.
forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business.
gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities.
however, they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures.
in 1942, however, the nation was at war.
in 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration, an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government.
in the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now.
it does not indicate loose management, ineffective controls or poor policy.
it embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles, who was to drive, when and where repairs were to be made, where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters.
it met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ), a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation.
it should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old.
it was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation.
meaningful policies include: ( a ) kinds of cars the state should own, ( b ) when cars should be traded, ( c ) the need and assignment of vehicles, ( d ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances, ( e ) employees taking cars home, and ( f ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles.
nineteen states report laws, policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances.
of these states the average" change-over" point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year.
once the principle was established, the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly.
one indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956, while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35%, the total maintenance cost increased only 11%.
prior to 1942, automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned.
table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees.
the Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917.
the agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars.
the average of states' rates is .076@ per mile.
the best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and ' 30s.
the fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them.
the management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner:" Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made.
the motor pool then, as now, had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state.
the state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual.
the travel regulations, requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive.
they have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment.
this rate of increase does not signify anything in itself.
this responsibility included all phases of management.
those that are available shed little light.
travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and audit control.
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition, allocation and maintenance of state-owned vehicles.
two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval.
using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees, and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable.
whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations, the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis.
whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical.
with few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence.
#BOATS AS PERSONAL PROPERTY# _TAXING OF BOATS._ Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats.
_AIDS TO SMALL BUSINESS# Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries, small business is also afforded considerable attention.
_PRACTICES IN RHODE ISLAND._ To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property, a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island.
a new post-World War 2, record.
a primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center, which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies.
another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner.
assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property, but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax" a sum not less than nor more than" a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting.
assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations, where to obtain specifications, and follow-ups concerning qualification.
boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats.
details on marketing;
during the past year, 10,517 government bid invitations were received and 4,427 procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers.
eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides.
expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division, and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation.
fifteen stated that it was according to location, four by residence of the owner, and nineteen did not answer.
fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction, totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000;
how and where to apply for financial assistance;
however, few are taxed, and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations.
in addition, the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses;
in reply to a question of whether they now tax boats, airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles, nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not.
in two cases, airplanes only were indicated.
industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960, many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location.
information concerning patents, copyrights and trade marks, availability of technical reports, and other subjects of interest to small business.
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations, licensing, investments, and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad, and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment.
it has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars, excluding commercial boats.
it has been obvious to the assessors, particularly those in shore communities, that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach.
it is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation, but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property, and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes.
it is known that at least five towns ( Barrington, Bristol, Narragansett, Newport and Westerly ) place some value on some boats for tax purposes.
it is not clear, however, whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats, trailers, aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns.
it is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation.
it would seem, then, that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property.
leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation, Cornell-Dubilier, Photek, Inc& Division of Textron, Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry, W& R& Cobb Company, and Mays Manufacturing Company.
local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort.
locating foreign agents, buyers, distributors, etc&;
no one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be.
no satisfactory solution has been found, but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or diligence on the part of the assessors.
of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership.
of the major expansions in 1960, three were financed under the R& I& Industrial Building Authority 's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan: Collyer Wire, Leesona Corporation, and American Tube + Controls.
of those who have an opinion, it seems that assessment by location is preferred.
on this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now.
one assessor checked boats only, another trailers and tractors, one mentioned house trailers, and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type.
only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season, but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close.
only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind.
our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program, directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories.
seven others expressed no opinion.
slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law.
so few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive.
ten others made no reply.
the Institute of Public Administration, in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959, recommended" consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job".
the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade, assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad.
the assessors' association, meeting at Narragansett in September 1960, devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem.
the need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies.
the replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case.
the resulting setup, it was declared," would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island".
the wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations.
there are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town.
there was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date.
these opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time.
they are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island.
this office cooperates with the U& S& Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include: statistics on markets abroad;
through their professional organization, the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed.
to summarize, it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property, that assessors would like to see an improvement, and of those who have an opinion, that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge.
twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property, and only five were opposed.
what made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation, Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry, new plants, and new jobs.
with minor exceptions, this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here.
#ADJUSTING THE FISCAL CALENDARS# The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them.
#FISCAL UNIFORMITY: ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES# _ADVANTAGES._ An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently.
#FISCAL YEARS IN OTHER STATES# _COMPARATIVE DATA._ A review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report.
_2._ In sixteen states, the fiscal year ending of the cities ( June 30 ) is the same as that of the state: Alaska, Arizona, California, Delaware, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, and Hawaii ).
_2._ The uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule, that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn.
_3._ In eleven states, the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31, while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 ( Arkansas, Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin ).
_3._ The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures.
_4._ In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30, a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31: ( Georgia, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Virginia, and South Carolina ).
_4._ The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools, which expend the largest share of local disbursements.
_5._ One state, Alabama, closes its fiscal year on September 30, and all cities in the state, with one exception, also close fiscal years on September 30.
_5._ The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes.
_6._ Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30, while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30.
_6._ The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures.
_7._ Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31.
_ANALYSIS_ The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose.
_DISADVANTAGES._ Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island, there are also certain difficulties encountered.
_SPECIAL DISTRICTS IN RHODE ISLAND._ It is not within the scope of this report elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island.
all of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31.
and as the cost of local government increases, the demand for such comparison also increases.
any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security.
borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times.
both the federal and state governments commence their fiscal years on July 1.
both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below: @ It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax, the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap;
but cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem.
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid, the emphasis on equalization, and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions, this is no longer true.
by fixing the tax rate in advance of spending, upper limits are set on expenditures.
fortunately, there are no cities or towns in the state, with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change.
furthermore, tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes, augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy.
he listed among the values of fiscal uniformity: _1._ The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances: adoption of the budget, or financial plan, in advance of spending.
however, a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government.
however, only Illinois, Oregon, Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity.
in addition to the collection of service charges, the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000.
in any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary.
included in the findings are: _1._ Forty-six states, including Rhode Island, end their fiscal year on June 30.
it enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts.
it is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government.
it may be by bank loans, sale of notes or warrants, or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants.
it should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city.
it should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year.
it usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time.
its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs, heavy when short-term money rates are high, and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most.
little can be done about the changing of dates.
of all advantages, probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes.
one problem is a matter of shifting dates;
sacrifice will have to be made in some cases, but it is to the municipality's advantage to finance the change-over for a short period of time rather than pay interest on tax anticipation notes indefinitely.
the haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships.
the mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and, like the other two inventory projects, are scheduled for completion July 1, 1961.
the other four states end on varying dates: Alabama ( Sept& 30 ), New York ( March 31 ), Pennsylvania ( May 31 ), and Texas ( August 31 ).
the other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns.
the other, is how to finance the transition.
the remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state, city and local governments.
the rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use.
the type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed.
there are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts, four housing authorities, and the Kent County Water Authority ).
these forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes, to borrow money, own property, sue and be sued, and in general to exercise normal corporate powers.
these involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual actual disadvantages to the principle.
this greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting.
this is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars.
this type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year.
this will be covered more fully later.
towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare.
two features are immediately evident.
unlike cities and towns, however, they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits.
when towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons;
AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM MONDAY, MAY 22nd, 1961, AS NATIONAL MARITIME DAY, reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice.
AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF JUNE 11TH TO 17TH, 1961, AS MISS RHODE ISLAND PAGEANT WEEK, with deep appreciation to the Jaycees, local and statewide, for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate.
AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1961, AS THE STATE BALLET OF RHODE ISLAND WEEK, requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State.
AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24TH, 1961, AS UNITED NATIONS DAY, calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances, demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-fifth.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
John A& Notte Jr& Governor < Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled >, That the Act of July 3, 1952 ( 66 Stat& 328 ) as amended ( 42 U&S&C& 1952-1958 ), is further amended to read as follows: _SECTION 1._ In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs, it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal, industrial, agricultural, and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water, and for studies and research related thereto.
Miss Sally May Saabye, ( Miss Rhode Island 1960 ) says that within a short time- on June 17th- her reign will come to an end.
NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23RD, 1961, AS THANKSGIVING DAY, And so, let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims, but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past.
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations, mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice;
_(b)_ conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine, by laboratory and pilot plant testing, the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale;
_(b)_ enter into contracts with educational institutions, scientific organizations, and industrial and engineering firms;
_(c)_ make research and training grants;
_(c)_ recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation, or for participation in the construction and operation, of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines, on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above, has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act, such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size, location, and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto;
_(d)_ study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water;
_(d)_ utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories;
_(e)_ establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research, testing, development, and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act;
_(f)_ acquire secret processes, technical data, inventions, patent applications, patents, licenses, land and interests in land ( including water rights ), plants and facilities, and other property or rights by purchase, license, lease, or donation;
_(g)_ assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature, both domestic and foreign, and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto;
_(h)_ cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects, domestic and foreign, and, in the case of projects located in the United States, cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby;
_(i)_ foster and participate in regional, national, and international conferences relating to saline water conversion;
_(j)_ coordinate, correlate, and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects;
_SEC& 2._ In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall- _(A)_ conduct, encourage, and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for converting saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes;
_SEC& 3._ In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act, the Secretary may- _(A)_ acquire the services of chemists, physicists, engineers, and other personnel by contract or otherwise;
_SEC& 4.
and _(E)_ undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods.
and _(K)_ cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies, with State and local departments, agencies, and instrumentalities, and with interested persons, firms, institutions, and organizations.
and as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude, they shared another feeling- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity.
and yet, accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time.
as used in this Act, the term ' saline water ' includes sea water, brackish water, and other mineralized or chemically charged water, and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories and possessions of the United States.
at that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer.
ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years, and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess, Catherine de Medicis, married the King of France.
ballets were used in opera from its beginning.
dances alternated with sung or spoken verses.
governor #MISS RHODE ISLAND PAGEANT WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl- a Miss America from Rhode Island.
governor #PROCLAMATION THANKSGIVING DAY BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# As another Thanksgiving draws near, let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving.
governor #THE STATE BALLET OF RHODE ISLAND WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR# The ballet originated in Italy about 1450.
governor #UNITED NATIONS DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR# For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people, the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations.
it is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future, if we are to have peace;
it is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme" The United Nations is your business" applies to him personally.
many hours are given free by the Jaycees to make this and all local pageants outstanding events.
proceeds realized from these pageants are used by the Jaycees to help support their various youth, health, welfare and community betterment activities throughout the state.
she hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our Pageants and the State Pageant June 17;
the Lord has shown time and time again His love for us.
the Merchant Marine is the" Fourth Arm of Defense", for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation.
the Pilgrims gathered to thank the Lord for His benevolence during their first year in the new land.
the State Ballet of Rhode Island, the first incorporated group, was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community, to promote interest in ballet performances, to contribute to the cultural life of the State, and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who, for one reason or another, are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state;
the United Nations Charter sets forth standards which, if adhered to, will promote peace and justice throughout the world.
the day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war.
the ideal girl- possessed of talent, poise, intelligence, personality and beauty of face and figure- is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island.
the most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique de la Reine ( 1581 ).
the world desperately needs the United Nations.
they could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world.
they had been through trying times, but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom.
they simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith.
they were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the intermissions.
this is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City.
through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas;
we have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country.
we who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day.
with world peace constantly being threatened, most of us regard the future skeptically, and even with fear.
#ARMED FORCES MEDICAL PUBLICATION AGENCY# The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency, established in 1949, has published, since January 1950, the United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services.
Bandaging and Splinting;
_2._ During this period, a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings.
_3._ Visual and operable training aids developed by the Medical Illustration Service, were used in support of Army Medical Service mass casualty exercises.
_4._ In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care, the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested;
_5._ Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed, and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service.
_6._ Six fascicles ( 10,000 copies each ) of the" Atlas of Tumor Pathology" were completed during the period of this report.
_THE AMERICAN REGISTRY OF PATHOLOGY_ This consists of 25 individual registries, two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 ( the Registry of Forensic Pathology and the Testicular Tumor Registry ).
_THE MEDICAL MUSEUM_ In fiscal year 1959, the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall, a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street, Southwest, and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services.
a three-dimensional exhibit depicting" A Century of Naval Medicine" was formally presented to The Director by George S& Squibb, great-grandson of the founder of E& R& Squibb and Sons, for permanent display in the Museum.
additionally, on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations, the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized, in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage.
an exhibit," Macropathology- An Ancient Art, A new Science", was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association.
and Emergency War Surgery in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) Handbook.
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation: first Aid for Soldiers;
beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal, the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting.
demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference, Brooke Army Medical Center, Texas.
during fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were 795,586 visitors to the Museum.
during the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building" S" on the Mall from Chase Hall.
during the period of this report, 37,470 new cases were entered into the various registries.
during the period of this report, 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed.
during the period, the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters.
during this period, 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan.
each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest, and departments devoted to military medical news, reviews of new books, and other features of interest to officers of the medical services.
eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes.
estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a triservice basis, as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service, were between $65,000 and $70,000.
fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of" Emergency War Surgery ( NATO )" were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and South-East Asia Treaty Organization.
forty-five new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared, bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution.
from 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960, 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published.
illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid.
in addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases, wounds, and injuries of military importance, it provides facilities for clinical photography, photomicrography, and medical arts, and operates a printing plant, by permission of Congressional Committee, for publication of an" Atlas of Tumor Pathology".
in addition, their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin.
in this same period, six new fascicles of the Atlas of Tumor Pathology were published and distributed to medical centers world-wide.
it also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits, training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets.
its supplement, the Medical Technicians Bulletin, supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel.
members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations.
nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared, which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan.
occasional features were published on historical medicine, special reports, bibliography, and" Collector's Items".
of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown, 161 were new or refurbished.
of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished, 254 were prepared for other agencies.
of these exhibits, 154 were newly constructed.
replacing the discontinued Medical Technicians Bulletin, publication of which was suspended with the November-December 1959 issue, a section called" Technical Notes" was inaugurated on a bimonthly basis beginning with the April 1960 issue.
sixteen lantern slide sets were loaned to the Government of India and eight sets were forwarded to the U&S& Embassy, Managua, Nicaragua for the Educational Exchange Program.
space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits, and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes, medical, surgical, and diagnostic instruments, uniform, and similar items of historical medico-military significance.
specimens were mounted for military installations, governmental agencies, and medical schools.
the American Registry of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis, under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army, Navy, and Air Force.
the British and Canadian Liaison Officers, as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization, the American Red Cross, and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed.
the Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals.
the Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled," This is Your A&M&A&".
the Emergency Medical Treatment Unit, Phase 1,;
the February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled," The Medical Officer Writes".
the Senate Subcommittee on Reorganization and International Organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service.
the demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes.
the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings, exhibits, and published studies.
the use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $4,000 in unexpended funds.
there were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period.
these publications replaced the U& S& Naval Medical Bulletin, published continuously from 1907 through 1959, as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps Quarterly and the Bulletin of the U& S& Army Medical Department, published from 1922 to 1949.
these registries are sponsored by 18 national medical, dental, and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance.
these were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes.
thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training.
this resulted in an improved appearance, but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds.
three hundred five copies of the < Manual of Macropathological Techniques > were distributed.
throughout the period and during the movement operation, the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
twenty-nine exhibits received awards.
two special issues were published, one for November 1959 on Space Medicine, the other the Tenth Anniversary issue for January 1960.
#2.1.6.
( a)_ Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay, as prescribed by section 8 of this Title, an amount not exceeding the principal of each award, plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title, in accordance with the award.
( a)_ There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund;
ATOMIC PHYSICS# In addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards, spectroscopy, solid state physics, interactions of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress, the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory astrophysics.
_(2)_ in the case of a partnership or corporation, the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made, payment shall be made, except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ), to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto;
_(3)_ if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment, payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court;
_(4)_ if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation, duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, makes an assignment of the claim, or any part thereof, with respect to which an award is made, or makes an assignment of such award, or any part thereof, payment shall be made to the assignee, as his interest may appear;
_(b)_ There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( c ) of section 8, as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States, an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment.
_(c)_ Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made, except that- _(1)_ if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability, payment shall be made to his legal representative: < provided >, That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator, payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto, without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates;
_(d)_ Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Comptroller General of the United States, as the case may be, shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment, after such payment shall have been received by such person, it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States, its officers, agents, or employees with respect to such payment.
_(e)_ Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title.
_(e)_ In addition to the penalties provided in title 18, United States Code, section 1001, any person guilty of any act, as provided therein, with respect to any matter under this Title, shall forfeit all rights under this Title, and, if payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same.
_(f)_ In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made, the Commission may, upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant, determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim, but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
_(f)_ Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government.
_(g)_ The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title.
_(h)_ The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims, stating the reasons and grounds therefor, and if approved, shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved.
_(i)_ The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim.
_(j)_ The Commission shall comply with the provisons of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title.
_ATOMIC ENERGY LEVELS._ Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements.
_INTERNATIONAL COOPERATIVE ACTIVITIES._ In March, 1961, representatives of the national laboratories of Australia, Canada, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, U&S&S&R&, United States, and West Germany, met at the NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 **f.
_LABORATORY ASTROPHYSICS._ _TRANSITION PROBABILITIES._ Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the Advanced Research Projects Agency, a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities.
_SEC& 5._ The Commission shall, as soon as possible, and in the order of the making of such awards, certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title.
_SEC& 6._ The Commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of United States-Yugoslav claims arising under the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 not later than December 31, 1954: < provided >, That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission, or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation.
_SEC& 7.
_SEC& 8.
_TEMPERATURE SYMPOSIUM._ During the last week of march 1961, Columbus, Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on Temperature, Its Measurement and Control in Science and Industry.
_TRANSPORT PROPERTIES OF AIR._ A 6-year study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed.
a set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39,000 lines of 70 elements, as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc, was completed and published.
a significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region.
a study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about **f percent.
a wall-stabilized high-current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen.
all amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts.
all payments authorized under section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund, as the case may be, and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this Title.
an exhaustive survey was made of the literature, and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was catalogued.
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this Title.
and _(5)_ in the case of any assignment of an award, or any part thereof, which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed, after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury, payment may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be made to the assignee, as his interest may appear.
another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present.
any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void.
any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts.
any claimant whose claim is denied, or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim, shall be entitled, under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe, to a hearing before the Commission, or its duly authorized representatives, with respect to such claim.
any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award, and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
as a first step toward this goal, arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory.
dr& A& V& Astin, NBS Director, opened the 5-day session with introductory remarks, following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by NBS scientists, from both the Washington and Boulder Laboratories.
new computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success.
selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation.
studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities.
such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the NBS.
such payments, and applications for such payments, shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
the Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr& W& A& Wildhack, General Chairman, and Dr& C& M& Herzfeld, Program Chairman.
the Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection.
the Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State, upon his request, copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( b ) of section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned.
the Symposium, which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of Physics, the Instrument Society of America, and the National Bureau of Standards, attracted nearly one thousand registrants, including many from abroad.
the action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official, department, agency, or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise.
the programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared, the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies, and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation.
the results of the study, based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air, will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity, thermal conductivity, thermal diffusion, and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 **f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from **f to **f times normal density.
there shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified.
these data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned, but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas.
these thermometers have now been sent to the United Kingdom for calibration at the National Physical Laboratory.
this apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements.
this project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command, U&S& Air Force, and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding.
two data centers have been established for the collection, indexing, critical evaluation, and dissemination of bibliographies and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections.
upon such hearing, the Commission may affirm, modify, or revise its former action with respect to such claim, including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim.
whoever, in the United States or elsewhere, pays or offers to pay, or promises to pay, or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim, compensation which, when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services, will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months, or both, and if any such payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same, and, in addition thereto, any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title.
written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission: < provided, however >, That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award.
( 2 ) extension and improvement;
@" #[FROM U&S& NEWS + WORLD REPORT, MAY 8, 1961]# _NEXT FOR CUBA: AN ARMS BLOCKADE?_ Look at Castro now- cockier than ever with arms and agents to threaten the Americas.
_FINANCIAL ASPECTS._ Under the law as it existed until 1943, the Federal Government made grants to the States on the basis of population, matching State expenditures on a 50-50 basis.
_METHOD OF COMPUTING ALLOTMENTS._ The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act.
_RECENT CHANGES._ Despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943, the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled.
_WHAT COULD A BLOCKADE ACCOMPLISH?_ Plenty, say the experts.
a naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine, would be a relatively simple operation to carry out, and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere".
a squadron of Navy jets and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the carrier task forces.
among these questions: _WHAT WOULD A CUBA BLOCKADE TAKE?_ Military experts say a tight naval blockade off Cuban ports and at the approaches to Cuban waters would require two naval task forces, each built around an aircraft carrier with a complement of about 100 planes and several destroyers.
and ( 3 ) research, demonstrations, training and traineeships for vocational rehabilitation- and in addition for short-term training and instruction.
and it must be enforced without discrimination.
another strategy- bolder and tougher- was also attracting notice in Washington: a naval and air blockade to cut Cuba off from the world, destroy Castro.
as a possible course of action, it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions.
at times, three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are unloading in Cuban ports.
blockade is one answer offered by experts.
blockade runners can be stopped- by gunfire, if necessary- searched and held, at least temporarily.
blockade, in the view of military and civilian experts, could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine.
efforts, as I see it, which are being directed, by the way, toward support for future actions, not for those already past.
from its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236, 66th Congress, the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States, by means of grants-in-aid, to return disabled men and women to productive, gainful employment.
how can the United States act?
in a broad sense, it would reaffirm the Monroe Doctrine by opposing Communist interference in the Western Hemisphere.
in a total blockade, action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals, oils, textiles, and even foodstuffs.
in it they see a way to isolate Cuba, stop infiltration, maybe finish Castro, too.
it could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching Castro.
it could stop Cuban re-export of guns and propaganda materials to South America.
it could, by avoiding direct intervention, provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration.
it is the strategy of blockade, therefore, that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials, Members of Congress, officers in the Pentagon.
it stipulates, in addition, that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the" ceiling", and not used for insuring the" floor", be redistributed to those States still below their maximums.
it would be the most severe reprisal, short of declared war, that the United States could invoke against Castro.
its aim: to undermine further Cuba's economy.
land-based radar would help with this task.
more than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day 's sailing time away.
obviously, we can n't stop them from coming in, however, just by talk.
on April 25, the White House reported that a total embargo of remaining U&S& trade with Cuba was being considered.
once these conditions of international law are met, countries that try to run to blockade do so at their own risk.
personally, I think we ought to set up an immediate naval blockade of Cuba.
primary target would be shipments of tanks, guns, aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from Russia and Czechoslovakia.
recognizing the limitations of such a program, the 78th Congress in 1943 passed P& L& 113, which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities, and which revised the financing structure.
shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband.
so would radar picket ships.
subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure.
the 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program, providing for a three-part grant structure- for ( 1 ) basic support;
the Act further provides for a" floor" or minimum allotment, set at the 1954 level, which is called the" base" allotment, and a" ceiling" or maximum allotment, for each State.
the Navy, on April 25, announced it is bringing back the carrier < Shangri-La > from the Mediterranean, increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba.
the authority for the program was renewed several times until the vocational rehabilitation program was made permanent as Title 5, of the Social Security Act in 1935.
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it;
the first part of the new structure- that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services- is described in this Section.
the following table shows, for selected years, the authorizations, appropriations, allotment base, Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program: #METHOD OF DISTRIBUTING FUNDS# _DESCRIPTION OF FORMULA._ In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services, Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need, as measured by a State's population, and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity, as measured by its per capita income.
the provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation, which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone.
the term" State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico;
the term" United States" includes the several States and the District of Columbia, and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii.
these amendments to the Vocational Rehabilitation Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities, for more sheltered and" half-way" workshops, for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel, for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ), and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness.
these provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States, with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State.
they could be sent to U&S& ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated.
this is the question now facing President Kennedy: how to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere?
three requirements go with a blockade: it must be proclaimed;
throughout these years, the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act.
to assist the States, therefore, in rehabilitating handicapped individuals," so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities", the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( P& L& 565 ).
to round out the blockading force, submarines would be needed- to locate, identify and track approaching vessels.
under P& L& 113, 78th Congress, the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled, and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services.
up to this time and for the next eight years, the services provided disabled persons consisted mainly of training, counseling, and placement on a job.
we simply can n't tolerate further Russian weapons, including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles, being located in Cuba.
weaken Castro.
what the next move will be only time, of course, will tell.
( see fig& 7.
( see fig& 9, double-wall shelter.
) building plans are on page 21.
) most people would have to hire a contractor to build this shelter.
_2._ Ventilation.
_3._ Radio reception.
_4._ Lighting.
_ABOVEGROUND DOUBLE-WALL SHELTER_ An outdoor, aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks.
_PRE-SHAPED METAL SHELTER_ Pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground.
_UNDERGROUND CONCRETE SHELTER_ An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500, depending on the type of entrance.
a blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters.
a blower may be installed to increase comfort.
a contractor probably would be required to help build it.
an alternate hatchway entrance, shown on page 25, would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100.
an alternate roof, perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach, could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams, overlaid with boards and waterproofing.
another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction.
bricks are an alternative.
concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards.
contractors' charges would be additional.
his charges would be added to the cost of materials.
if they are used, the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks.
it should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person.
it would add about $500 to the total cost of the home.
it would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel.
materials for this shelter would cost about $700.
more detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen.
other sources of information include the National Concrete Masonry Association, 38 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill&, the Portland Cement Association, 33 West Grand Avenue, Chicago, Ill&, and the Structural Clay Products Association, Washington, D&C&.
plans are on pages 22 and 23.
plans for the shelter, with either a stairway or hatchway entrance, are shown on pages 26 and 27.
radiation scatters somewhat like light.
solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection.
solid concrete blocks, relatively heavy and dense, are used for this shelter.
some will go around a corner.
the National Lumber Manufacturers Association, Washington, D& C&, is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction.
the Structural Clay Products Institute, Washington, D&C&, is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction.
the illustration ( fig& 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over.
the illustrations in fig& 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall.
the last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter.
the materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700.
the rest continues in a straight line.
the roof blocks are in two layers and are not mortared together.
the roof shown here ( fig& 9 ) is a 6-inch slab of reinforced concrete, covered with at least 20 inches of pit-run gravel.
the same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level.
the shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington, D&C& area in the Spring of 1959.
the shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
the shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
the space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth.
the structure is complete.
the walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built.
therefore, sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter.
these are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface.
these blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit.
these boards are nailed to the roof beams by reaching up through the open space between the beams, from inside the shelter.
they form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth, as shown in figure 10.
this shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface, making it impractical to build an underground shelter.
this shelter, as shown on page 24, would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation.
two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart.
vent pipes also are necessary ( as shown in figs& 9, 10, and 11 ), but filters are not.
when the roof blocks are all in place, the final rows of wall blocks are mortared into position.
work on the roof continues in this way.
{ IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS } common to each type of shelter are: _1._ Arrangement of the entrance.
{ RADIO RECEPTION } is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation.
{ THE ENTRANCE } must have at least one right-angle turn.
{ VENTILATION } is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by vents in the wall and by the open entrance.
" The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to du Pont by a stock interest.
#
#,.
353 U& S&, at 589.
353 U& S&, at 605.
353 U& S&, at 606.
353 U& S&, at 607-608.
353 U& S&, at 607.
< international Salt Co& > v& < United States, > 332 U& S& 392, 400-401".
@ This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about, or in attempting to bring about, the substantial lessening of competition **h".
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty + Investment Company, major stockholders in du Pont, and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee, again over a ten-year period, of du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them, as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright.
Du Pont, he said, had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the du Pont-General Motors relationship.
SHELTER IN APARTMENT BUILDINGS# @ Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings.
This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18, 1957.
a former du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing du Pont's share of the General Motors market.
and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product, or for the grant of exclusive patent rights, or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors, or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies.
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns:" The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute.
at the outset, the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court.
competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years, but it is" likely" that this trend stemmed" at least in part" from the needs of General Motors outstripping du Pont's capacity.
counsel for du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date.
counsel for the Government invited du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program, but stated that if the court desired, or if counsel for du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable, the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days.
du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors;
du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors, and vice versa;
however, it determined that neither this factor, nor" the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly, each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone, including du Pont's competitors", 353 U& S&, at 607, outweighed the Government's claim for relief.
however, this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its Sherman Act allegations.
if there is time after the warning, the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks, dirt, books, magazines, or other heavy material.
if, in the trustee's judgment," reasonable market conditions" did not prevail during any given year, he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period.
in addition, the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont's stockholders, other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware;
in general, such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space.
indeed, as already noted, the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between du Pont and General Motors acted" honorably and fairly" and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies.
it rested its decision solely on @ 7, which reads in pertinent part:" [ N]o corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire, directly or indirectly, the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce, where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition, or to restrain such commerce in any section or community, or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce.
lines of communications were established between the two companies and several du Pont products were actively promoted.
no previous antitrust case, he said, had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief.
on May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings.
on motion of the < amici curiae, > the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan.
on the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion, the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief.
such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management.
that General Motors' share of the market for these products was substantial;
that these products constituted a" line of commerce" within the meaning of the Clayton Act;
the Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out.
the District Courts, in the framing of equitable decrees, are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgments to fit the exigencies of the particular case '.
the Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential, commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide, and for how many people.
the Fisher Body division, long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock, followed an independent course for many years, but by 1947 and 1948" resistance had collapsed" and its purchases from du Pont" compared favorably" with purchases by other General Motors divisions.
the Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25, 1957.
the Government, deeming these suggestions inadequate, had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du Pont's shares of General Motors.
the basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling.
the central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building, with concrete floors, should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling.
the conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition **h".
the first pretrial conference- held to appoint < amici curiae > to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings- took place on September 25, 1957.
the inference is overwhelming that du Pont 's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit".
the latter provisions proscribe any contract, combination, or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade, and monopolization of, or attempts, combinations, or conspiracies to monopolize, such trade.
the plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders, as a dividend, over a period of ten years.
the problem for the city apartment dweller is primarily to plan the use of existing space.
the purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's opinion:" Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation, but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which, as a reasonable probability, appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation.
the section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies, or the substantial lessening of competition, have occurred or are intended **h".
the sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this:" The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination, after further hearing, of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute.
the submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract.
this Court agreed with the trial court" that considerations of price, quality and service were not overlooked by either du Pont or General Motors".
this brings us to the course of the proceedings in the District Court.
this claim, as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it, 126 F&Supp&235, alleged violation not only of @ 7 of the Clayton Act, but also of @ @ 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act.
this, however, did not bar finding that du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors;
thus, a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision.
we repeat, that the test of a violation of @ 7 is whether, at the time of suit, there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints.
within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions.
#FOREIGN POLICY IN ITS TOTAL CONTEXT# With this enlarged role in mind, I should like to make a few suggestions: what we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world.
346 U&S&, at 5-6.
348 U& S&, at 412-413.
348 U&S&, at 412.
< Estep > v& < United States >, 327 U&S& 114".
< Gonzales > v& < United States, supra >.
after the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board, that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial.
apparently he never took the trouble to find out.
as was said in < Gonzales >," it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts, not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact.
assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies.
at his trial, petitioner sought to secure through subpoena < duces tecum > the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer, Evensen, as well as his report thereon.
but the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file.
but there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult.
but there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant.
but this is fully answered by < United States > v& < Nugent, supra >.
even if we were not bound by < Nugent >, petitioner here would not be entitled to the report.
even now no such claim is asserted.
finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial.
foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad.
having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board, petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed.
he admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times, and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer.
he alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld;
he bases his present contention on the general right to explore, indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume.
he did receive a resume of it- the same that was furnished the appeal board- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy.
hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board.
his claim was therefore" so highly exaggerated", the Department concluded, that it" cast doubt upon his veracity and, consequently, upon his sincerity and good faith".
in addition, petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes.
in his answer thereto, he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956, and asserted that his only claim to" pioneering" was in 1952.
in his report to the Attorney General, the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service.
in the light of these circumstances, as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation, which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record, we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes.
it appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial.
it is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board.
it is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous, profitable, and active- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce.
it is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board.
it is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice, of which the Attorney General receives many, and to which he may give his approval or rejection.
it is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense.
it reported that he now devoted only some 6-1 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities.
its ground for this recommendation was that, while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17, 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ), that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching, the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and, on the contrary, had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions.
moreover, his testimony at trial never developed any such facts.
moreover, the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental, is directed to the Attorney General and, of course, is not the recommendation of the Department.
nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board.
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose.
on March 21, 1957, however, the Department recommended approval of the 1,- A classification.
petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice.
petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity, before its final recommendation to the appeal board, to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching.
petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file.
section 6 ( j ) of the Act, as we have held, does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file.
that means that, if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership, we must think in terms of the total context of our situation.
the appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation.
the appeal board, however, unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation.
the recommendation of the Department- as well as the decision of the appeal board- was based entirely on the local board file, not on an FBI report.
there followed a customary Department of Justice hearing, at which petitioner appeared.
there we held" that the statutory scheme for review, within the selective service system, **h entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection".
this he did.
this he failed to do, asserting that he did not know it to be in his file.
upon return of the file to the local board, petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so.
we can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery" somewhere upstairs" to resolve differences between this and other departments.
we cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted.
we fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention, which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it.
we found in < Gonzales > v& < United States, supra >, that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant.
we in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context.
we said there that it was necessary" that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [ the Department's ] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board, the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification".
while the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file, this requirement was eliminated in 1952.
while there are now allegations of the withholding of" favorable evidence developed at the hearing" and a denial of a" full and fair hearing", no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process.
#10.
#11.
#7.
#8.
#9.
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year.
HOW AND WHEN SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE LAUNCHED?# The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear, with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action, with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer.
HOW WILL IT BE FINANCED?# The already appropriated funds within the discretion of the President and Secretary of State under the Mutual Security Act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the Peace Corps.
HOW WILL THE PEACE CORPS BE RECEIVED ABROAD?# Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation, the readiness to receive such manpower, or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country.
I doubt, for example, that, 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan, any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals.
IN WHAT PART OF THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE ESTABLISHED?# The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people.
WHAT WOULD THE FIRST PROJECTS BE?# In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects.
a certain skepticism about the coming of Americans is to be expected in many quarters.
and the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels.
but there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers, and that if the volunteers are well chosen, they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends.
for example, it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers.
for readjustment to the U&S&, volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service, based on the length of time served.
for this must be the project of the whole American people.
for this, the Peace Corps should be administered by a small, new, alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation.
if it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds, in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program, this will be a hopeful sign to the world.
if launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks, the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next Fall.
if presented in this spirit, the response and the results will be immeasurably better.
if we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks, we should realize that this is raw, undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership.
in any case, our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U&N& and other international agencies.
in most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment.
in presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations, we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee.
in the first place our business is foreign policy, and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem.
in this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations.
it can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated.
it is important, however, that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community.
meanwhile, the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and, when needed, program assistance.
mr& Truman emphasized this point by saying," You fellows in the Department of State do n't know much about domestic politics".
nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses.
nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid.
our aim must be to learn as much as we teach.
peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States.
peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living.
pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program, the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State.
perhaps existing Public Health Service, State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized.
rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance.
some special health requirements might have to be met.
specifically, Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses, unions, civic organizations and the public at large.
support for it cuts across party, regional, ethnic and other lines.
the Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership.
the Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower.
the Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year 's graduating classes will not be lost.
the Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family, unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project.
the Peace Corps, therefore, offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development.
the first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America, Africa and Asia.
the guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services.
the need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest.
the problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors- political, military, economic, financial, legal, legislative, procedural, administrative- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control.
there should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service.
there would, however, be a variety of other skills- medical, agricultural, engineering- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects.
they should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
this is an important consideration.
unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility.
we cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action.
we should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands.
what the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership.
when the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous, functional unit.
wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts.
while there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex, there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women.
within a year or two several thousand might be in service.
#FORCES AND MILITARY PERSONNEL STRENGTH.#- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces.
#LAND ADJUSTMENT, LAND PURCHASE, LAND USE# Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular.
#ROADS AND TRAILS# The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions.
I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve- from their present strengths of 400,000 and 300,000, respectively, to 360,000 and 270,000 by the end of the fiscal year 1961.
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare.
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity.
_(b)_ the balanced use of recreation, hunting, and fishing areas;
_(c)_ the volume of timber that can be marketed, especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises;
_(d)_ the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire, windstorm, insects, and disease;
_(e)_ the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals.
_2._ Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention, for suppression of fires while small, and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely.
_2._ Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period.
_3._ Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas.
_PROTECTION FROM OTHER DAMAGE_ Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents, such as porcupines and mice, on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands.
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men;
a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men;
about 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads.
about 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000.
and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men.
and some, which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes, are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation, and are contributing nothing to the economy;
approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period.
approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber, but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices.
because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties, this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to its that are needed.
both of these systems are essential for the production, development, and use of the National Forests.
construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture.
control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known.
for the year 2000 this means servicing ( a ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year, ( b ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors, ( c ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet, and ( d ) 60 million acres of rangelands.
furthermore, roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years.
if the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war, their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces.
in many others, the previous patenting of land under the public land laws, or the way in which land was available for purchase, resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership.
in some units, National Forest ownership is well blocked together.
in the forest development road and trail system, there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails.
in the forest highway system, there are now 24,400 miles of public roads.
it is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads, and 80,000 miles of trails, constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood, water, forage, and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis.
it is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests.
it will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds.
lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States.
last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve.
one consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land, or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land.
our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us, from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war.
program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows: _1._ Complete the construction and reconstruction of about 79,400 miles of multiple-purpose roads and 8,000 miles of trails.
quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers.
service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails, along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails.
similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped.
some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands.
strategy and tactics of the U&S& military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history.
the change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care, mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other.
the existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible.
the forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870,000 men;
the long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development, or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands.
the long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services.
the presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as: _(a)_ the protection of forage, timber, and wildlife resources from fire, insects, and disease;
the ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection.
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed.
these are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another.
these areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests.
these roads are largely of less than highway standards, and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests.
this constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities.
this system is divided into a forest highway system, administered by the Secretary of Commerce, and a forest development road and trail system, administered by the Secretary of Agriculture.
this will include a stepped-up program of training and development of personnel.
this work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment, and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration, felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas, prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres, removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres, and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks.
under modern conditions, this is especially true of the ready reserve.
use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve.
within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands, there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership.
#ARTICLE 2, USES OF RUPEES# _1._ The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America, in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine, for the following purposes in the amounts shown: _(a)_ For United States expenditures under subsections ( a ), ( b ), ( d ), ( e ), ( f ), ( h ) through ( r ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections, the rupee equivalent of $200 million.
#ARTICLE 3, DEPOSIT OF RUPEES# The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks, or by the Government of the United States of America, as provided in the purchase authorizations.
#ARTICLE 4, GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS# _1._ The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale, transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ), of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India.
#ARTICLE 5, CONSULTATION# The two Governments will, upon the request of either of them, consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement.
#ARTICLE 6, ENTRY INTO FORCE# The agreement shall enter into force upon signature.
DONE at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960.
FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: DWIGHT D& EISENHOWER FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA: s& K& PATIL EXCELLENCY: I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and, with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2, of the Agreement, to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows: _1._ With respect to Article 2,, Paragraph 1 ( a ) of the Agreement:_( The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America.
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52 H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber, together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective representatives, duly authorized for the purpose, have signed the present Agreement.
_( The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of Article 2, of the Agreement, to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ).
_( The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million, but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( e ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act, as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ), and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto.
_(b)_ For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( e ) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed.
_(b)_ Loans will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance.
_(c)_ For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( g ) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed.
_(c)_ Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider, the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant, the nature of the proposed business, the amount of the proposed loan, and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended.
_(d)_ When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application, it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan.
_(e)_ Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan.
_2._ In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million, the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1, Article 2, will be adjusted proportionately.
_2._ The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities, pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities, or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries.
_2._ With respect to Article 2,, paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ): uses of Section 104 ( e ) and Section 104( g ) rupees: the Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1( b ) and 1( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India, in the following sectors: _a._ Agriculture.
_3._ In carrying out this Agreement, the two Governments will seek to assure, to the extent practicable, conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities.
_3._ It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A, B, and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India.
_3._ The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate, as quickly as possible, a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India.
_3._ The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band, from 540 kc& to 1600 kc&.
_4._ The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service.
_4._ The Government of India agrees to furnish, upon request of the United States of America, information on the progress of the program, particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings, and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities.
_4._ The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1, of the Act at that time.
_4._ With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2, of the Agreement, the understanding of the Government of the United States of America, with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of Article 2, is as follows:_( Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of Article 2, of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify.
_b._ Industry, including the production of fertilizer, irrigation and power, transport and communications, and credit institutions.
_c._ Public health, education, and rehabilitation.
_d._ Other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of Sections 104 ( e ) and 104 ( g ) of the Act.
a second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies.
all AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals, at all hours;
an example of the overall standards applied is the 20-to-1 ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as objectionable.
at that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1, disposal, India's production, consumption and stocks of food grains, other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States, India's storage capacity, and other related factors, any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year.
by this standard, it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved, objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point.
funds are also included in this budget to continue the equipping of the B-52 wings with the Hound Dog air-to-surface missile.
in the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas, Titan, and Polaris missiles also will be procured.
in the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement, the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
in the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( e ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India, the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
it is understood that: _(a)_ Such loans under Section 104 ( e ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches, subsidiaries, or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization, distribution, or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products.
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace.
other factors playing a part in the the extent of AM service and interference are the frequency involved, the time of year, the position of the year in the sunspot cycle, ground conductivity along the transmission path, atmospheric and manmade noise, and others.
purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities, including the classes, types and varieties of food grain, the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale, and other relevant matters.
rather, such assignments are made, as they must be, on the basis of certain overall rules and standards, representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem, taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e&g&, power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation.
the Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States, to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of Article 2, with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America, so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects.
the Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects, and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto.
the Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services, including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries.
the Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, or his designate, will act for the Government of India, and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington, or his designate, will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington.
the United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30, 1961, that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency.
the books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project, or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States, whichever is later.
the extent of such interference- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal, or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations- depends on many factors, among the principal ones being the distance between the stations, their respective radiated power, and, of particular significance here, < the time of day >.
the interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the maturities will be consistent with the purposes of the financing.
the terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments.
the two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents, correspondence, memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects.
these additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers;
this broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive, and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided.
this facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries.
this is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners, resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere.
under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960.
unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan.
when the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan, it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs.
whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies, each interferes to some extent with reception of the other.
with the existence of these many factors, some of them variable, it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances.
( see Chapter 10.
( see Chapter 10.
( see Chapter 12.
( see Chapter 15.
( see Chapter 20.
( see Chapter 24.
( see Chapter 6.
( see Chapter 9.
) _50% OF CAPITAL GAINS._ You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income.
) _INCOME FROM ESTATES AND TRUSTS._ If you are a life tenant, you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion.
) _OTHER DEDUCTIONS._ Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income.
) from this amount deduct the items indicated below.
) if your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred, you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify.
) { employees } deduct expenses of travel, meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees.
) { outside salesmen } deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, commission, or other compensation.
) { sick pay, } if included in your Gross Income, is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income.
_ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME_ The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis.
_ALASKA AND HAWAII._ Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing, but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are { not } allowed this automatic extension.
_EXTENSIONS OF TIME FOR FILING._ Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return.
_EXTENSIONS WHILE ABROAD._ Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year.
_INTEREST ON UNPAID TAXES._ Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date.
_PAYMENT BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER._ Whether the check is certified or uncertified, the tax is not paid until the check is paid.
_REFUNDS._ An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year 's estimated tax.
_RENTS OR ROYALTIES._ If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract, in computing Adjusted Gross Income, ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property.
_WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE._ If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040 A shows you owe additional tax, it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1, in which case it is forgiven.
_WHERE TO FILE._ Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business.
all checks and money orders should be made payable to < Internal Revenue Service >.
an extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year.
any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained.
extensions are not granted as a matter of course, and the reasons for your request must be substantial.
furthermore, a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties.
his return for the period January 1 to June 20, 1961, is due April 16, 1962.
if payment is by cash, you should ask for a receipt.
if the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses, additions to the tax may be incurred.
if you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir, legatee, or devisee, you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion, if not deductible by the estate or trust.
if you are unable to sign the request, because of illness or other good cause, another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf, stating the reason why you are unable to sign.
if you file Form 1040 A and the District Director computes your tax, you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due.
if you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any internal revenue district, your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue, Baltimore 2, Md&.
if your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ), Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any internal revenue district in the United States, you should file your return with the Office of International Operations, Internal Revenue Service, Washington 25, D&C&.
if your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income, you may not deduct it.
in such a case, Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return.
it is the amount you enter on line 9, page 1 of Form 1040.
other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income.
see also < Interest on Unpaid Taxes >, below.
some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income.
such interest must be paid even though an { extension of time for filing } is granted.
the return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax.
these deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or tax Table.
they also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home.
they may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040.
this bill should be paid within 30 days.
this form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.
you may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688, < Application For Extension Of Time To File >, with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district, or you may make your application in a letter.
you should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused, your return may still be on time.
your application must include the following information: ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension, ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years, and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year, and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates.
{ RETURNS OF ESTATES OR TRUSTS } are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year.
{ TO COMPUTE YOUR ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME } you total all items of income.
{ businessmen } deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business.
{ deductible losses on sales or exchanges } of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income.
{ if you file Form 1040 A } and the District Director computes your tax, any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you.
{ if you file a Form 1040, } you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax.
{ military or Naval Personnel } on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns.
{ refunds of less than $1 } will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund.
{ you must attach a statement } to your return, if you take advantage of this automatic extension, showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date.
#@# DURING the year 1959, we granted 354 Fellowships;
Joseph Brown continued in business by himself, quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world.
Joseph R& Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830.
Sir Henry Sumner Maine, a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with, wrote his brilliant legal generalization, that" the progress of society is from status to contract".
and even putting it that way would not prove that Marx was anything but wrong.
and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men- until today-, in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist.
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind.
and lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report, let me enlighten them with the truths that, under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation, and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed, untrammeled in every way, toward their discoveries, their creative efforts for the good of mankind.
and the reason this could happen is clear: men of government, business men, lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity.
and we think them largely futile because, for true excellence of accomplishment, every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view.
as heretofore, our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts.
as one development followed another, the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture.
as the story goes, Mr& Gibbs, who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia, saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine.
at that time, during the Civil War, Union muskets were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being hand-filed with rattail files.
at the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott + Harris in Valley Falls, Rhode Island, and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation, he went into business for himself in 1831, making lathes and small tools.
but as all understand who have eyes to see, nothing of the kind has happened;
but his business also grew, and we are told that Mr& Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire.
but when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose, men- individual men- must remain in status and society does not, cannot progress.
by 1853, the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts.
curious as to what made it work, he built a crude model of it in wood, and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread, enabling the crude machine to take stitches.
during these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation.
for change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future.
for example, out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens;
he became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's, and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period.
he was early exposed to the mechanical world, and in his youth often helped his father, David Brown, master clock and watchmaker, as he plied his trade.
hence, the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice.
in 1838, a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois, settling on a land grant in his declining years.
in 1858, the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox + Gibbs sewing machine.
in 1861, Mr& Brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem- the manufacture of twist drills.
in 1960, we granted 334.
indeed, if pressed, we would say what the late Robert Henri, American painter, said to a pupil," Anything will do for a subject: it 's what < you > do with it that counts".
indeed, the contrary has happened.
it gives, indeed, cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced;
it must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12, 1848, Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book, in his characteristically cryptic style," Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice".
mr& Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret, by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock, and reversible tap and die holders.
mr& Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr& Brown had most coveted- time for" tinkering", and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time.
much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements.
nevertheless, they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the" workers"- to use Marx's word- more than a subsistence wage, with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result, in turn, that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase.
several efforts were made in this direction, and though not all of them survive to this day, the Brown + Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today.
some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit;
that development, in turn, formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years- in gear cutting, in circular graduating, in index drilling, and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement.
that is, to put it realistically, they had to run their businesses at a profit, or they had to get the votes to get elected.
the basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine.
the company became" J& R& Brown + Sharpe", and entered into a new and important period of its development.
the essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do.
the eternal truth is that progress- due, as it always is, to individual creative genius- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart.
the greater the range of choice, the greater the rate of change.
the greater the range of freedom for individual men, the greater the range of choice;
the gulf between the" rich" and the" poor" has narrowed, in the industrialized Western world, to the point that the word" poor" is hardly applicable.
the new work was a boon to the partnership, not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J& R& Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment.
the solutions were not arrived at by any theoreticians of the Karl Marx stripe but by men of government- lawyers, most of them- and men of business.
the turret screw machine, now known as the Brown + Sharpe hand screw machine, takes its ancestry directly from Mr& Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine.
the years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered.
the young apprentice apparently did well by Mr& Brown, for in the third year of his apprenticeship Lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm;
these were educated men, who, as Mr& Justice Holmes was fond of saying, formed their inductions out of experience under the burden of responsibility.
this enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833, under the name D& Brown + Son, a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown + Sharpe.
throughout their careers, both Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades.
thus was invented the single thread sewing machine, which Mr& Gibbs in partnership with Mr& Willcox decided to bring to Brown + Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture.
thus, we have no part, and want none, in current discussions of the relative importance of science, the social studies, the humanities, the creative arts.
we do not favor one field over another: we think that all inquiry, all scholarly and artistic creation, is good- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life, as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does.
we want no part in such discussions, because we think them largely futile;
when he showed this model as his" solution" as to how the Howe sewing machine operated, he was told he was" wrong", and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine, which was unknown to him in detail, used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one.
when the Brown + Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958, it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world.
with its history standing astride all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution, Brown + Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder, Joseph R& Brown, and a world-renowned synonym for precision and progress in metalworking technology.
#BRITISH SUBSIDIARY# During the year our British subsidiary, Leesona-Holt, Limited, expanded its plant in Darwen, England, and added machine tool capacity.
#DIVERSIFICATION PLANS# We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods, or components for industrial products, and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction.
#EMPLOYEE CONTRACTS# In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May, 1959, with the International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, wages of hourly employees were increased by 4% in May, 1960, and pay levels for non-exempt salaried employees were increased proportionately.
#FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS# The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction.
#INCREASED EFFICIENCY# In textiles, as elsewhere, a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher productivity.
#NEW PLANT FACILITIES# Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick, Rhode Island, which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations.
#NEW UNIFIL APPLICATION# A new application for the Unifil loom winder, running single filling for box looms, will broaden mill use of this equipment.
#PATTERSON MOOS RESEARCH# Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells.
#PERSONNEL BENEFITS# In addition to direct salaries and wages, the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees: @ During the pension year ended December 31, 1960, 23 employees retired, making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan.
#PROBLEMS OF SHIFTING STYLES# The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration.
#TAKE-UP MACHINES# A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns.
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs.
a major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site, four miles from Cranston, was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force.
a project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases.
all operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick.
an architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover.
another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living.
as a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery, Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production, yet maintain both quality and flexibility.
as in many other industries, rising costs and intense competition, both domestic and foreign, have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years.
at December 13, 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence, as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan, totaled $2,412,616.
because the bobin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill, the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production, at the same time upgrading quality.
construction is well along, and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year.
following the term of service in Japan, each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community.
further research, we believe, will develop important commercial applications.
however, its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity, permit more efficient manufacturing, and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs.
in addition to expenditures on the Warwick plant, we have invested approximately $1,961,000 for machinery and equipment at Cranston, and for new machinery, plant and equipment at Leesona-Holt, Limited.
in addition to its major effort on fuel cells, Patterson Moos Research Division is continuing to carry on research in other fields, both under contract for the Defense Department, other government agencies and for our own account.
in addition, Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations.
in addition, land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future.
in addition, production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics, as well as blends.
initially we will import the thermoelectric materials and modules from France but later we will manufacture in this country.
interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank.
inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months.
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle, and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted.
it is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time.
it is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed.
it will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island, a non-profit organization, which will reimburse us for the cost of construction.
layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis.
long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000.
many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine.
operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962.
our plan is to keep abreast of these advances, and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities.
our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns, in several fiber producing plants.
production must be adjusted accordingly, at minimum cost and quickly.
the Uniconer has several outstanding features- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment;
the agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States.
the area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former Rochdale and Manchester locations.
the basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago.
the building will contain 430,000 square feet, approximately the same as our present plant.
the cooperation of our exclusive American licensee, Pratt + Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation, has been important in this work.
the operations of its other plant in Rochdale and Leesona's former operations in Manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of Heywood.
the potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom winder.
the rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation.
there is a rapidly growing demand for this material, primarily from the military.
these arrangements are, in our opinion, very favorable to Leesona.
this machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry.
this new machine takes up filament yarn from spinneret or extruder and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per minute.
thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position.
we are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity.
we believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment.
we have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present Cranston properties, effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant.
we have recently entered into an agreement with Compagnie Generale de Telegraphie Sans Fil ( CSF ) of France for the exclusive exchange of technical information on thermoelectric materials.
we look forward to a stronger position in this expanding field.
we will then occupy the new plant under lease, with an option to purchase.
#CAMPUS BROADCASTING STATION# A LOW-POWER," carrier-current" broadcasting station, KARL, heard only in the campus dormitories, is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic, musical, literary, technical, and other talents, and to furnish information, music, and entertainment for campus listeners.
#COLLEGE PUBLICATIONS# IN ADDITION to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues, the College maintains regular publications, as follows: < the Bulletin, > in five issues: < the Report of the President > in August;
#HOME ENTERTAINMENT SALES UP# Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953, dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion, compared to $1.7 billion in 1959.
#MILITARY ELECTRONICS TO GROW# 1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics, which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959.
#STUDENT GOVERNMENT# THE CARLETON STUDENT ASSOCIATION includes all students in college and is intended" to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities".
#STUDENT PUBLICATIONS# < The Carletonian, > the college newspaper, is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publications Board.
( see page 100.
) it is issued weekly throughout the college year.
< manuscript, > a quarterly literary magazine, is published by the students of the College.
< the Algol > serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year.
< the Algol, > the college annual, is published in the fall of each year.
< the Alumni Fund Report > in September;
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961.
I look for TV sales and production to be approximately equal at 5.7 million sets for the year, but I look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of 15.0-15.5 million sets.
I therefore believe it is realistic to assume a modest drop in the total value of home entertainment electronics to about $1.8 million, slightly below 1960, but above 1959.
I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10-15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison, with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will.
KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio.
THE CARLETON SOCIAL CO-OPERATIVE is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.
among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the POLARIS and B70 programs, strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command, and improved battlefield surveillance systems.
an < Alumni Reunion Bulletin > in April;
and a special < Bulletin > in June.
and yet, despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade, 1960 has been a good year in many ways, with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole.
auto set production came to about 6.3 million compared to 5.6 million in 1959.
both home and auto radios were in excellent demand, with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven;
factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years, while those at retail are below 1959.
for the year as a whole, retail sales of TV sets probably came to 5.8 million against 5.7 million in 1959;
however, production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million.
in co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College, an alumni magazine, < The Voice of the Carleton Alumni, > is edited and mailed seven times a year by the College's Publications Office and the Alumni Office. at intervals an alumni directory is issued.
in contrast to the lower turnout of TV, total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million ( excluding export ).
in recent months, much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future.
in the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets.
it has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's, and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability.
it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967, and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20%.
it is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953, which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance.
it is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing.
members of < The Algol > staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board.
over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule.
research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as NIKE-ZEUS are expected to increase substantially.
research, development test and evaluation funds, devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft, and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963.
sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units.
sales of TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July;
separate phonographs also had a good year, reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio- TV market.
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months, but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic.
still later, the realm of space technology will show substantial gains;
the Association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several Play Days with St& Olaf and other near-by colleges.
the College also publishes each year < The Report of the Treasurer > and a monthly newsletter entitled < Carleton College Comments >.
the Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete.
the Publications Board holds annual competitive examinations for places on the editorial and business staffs.
the Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication.
the annual < Catalog > in March;
the editor and business manager of < Manuscript > are appointed by the Publications Board.
the editor, sports editor, and student business manager are chosen in December, the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester.
the magazine, edited by members of the Carleton Department of English, includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community.
the outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present, but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods.
the paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism.
the shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing, in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle.
the total value of our industry's shipments, at factory prices, increased from $9.2 billion in 1959 to approximately $10.1 billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our business- home entertainment, military, industrial, and replacement.
these publications may be secured as follows: the annual < Catalog > from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office. in January, 1960, the first issue of < The Carleton Miscellany, > a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College.
this caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier, and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level.
throughout the year there are social events, such as picnics, breakfast hikes, canoe trips, banquets, and indoor parties.
under the auspices of the Women's Recreation Association, interclass competition is organized in badminton, basketball, field hockey, golf, tennis, and swimming.
week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the Co-op Board.
while this may well be true in general, I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions.
with the co-operation of the Department of Physical Education for Men, the Women's Recreation Association arranges mixed tournaments in tennis and golf in the fall and spring.
## **h < the president's opportunity for influencing education reaches its highest point, as he decides which projects he will cut back, which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts >.
## < A true university, like most successful marriages, is a unity of diversities **h Without forcing all components into a single pattern, the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level, which a university- in contrast to a multiversity- should stand for >.
## < Supporting activities- business management, public relations, fund-raising- offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education **h Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role >.
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty.
a plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically, possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer.
an alert dean will confer all through the year on personnel needs, plans for the future, qualifications of those on the job, and bright prospects elsewhere.
at one university, the president cites the faculty review committee as" a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty".
at some colleges and universities, a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates.
because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money, an institution should choose its fields of prominence.
before deciding where it is going, however, a college or university must know where it is.
before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees, the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere.
budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship.
by supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards, the president can encourage faculty leadership.
each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as: shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates?
faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration.
for the maintenance of a long-term program, the departments, and particularly their chairmen, are strategic.
for the president, a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ), offers several practical advantages.
funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others.
he cannot, of course, examine each proposal from scratch.
he reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution.
he should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure, to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements.
implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven.
in particular, the president may have to summon all his oratorical powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale.
in the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program, expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention.
in the first instance, adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned.
in the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches.
in the second, more shops, laboratories, and staff will be required.
indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to.
it inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them.
it should sternly appraise curricula, faculty, organization, buildings, faculty work loads, and potential for growth in stature and size.
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment.
more often, these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data.
more than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts.
no good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered, although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria.
no matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators, budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents.
no one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different.
on those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution, the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action.
one way that this can be done, other than by hiring new high-priced professors, is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance.
or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects?
others may drag their feet.
otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy, at worst, and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning.
physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed.
proposed new programs can be examined for appropriateness to goals and for present and future financial fitness.
recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into institution-wide goals.
some departments will attack their new goals enthusiastically;
some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act < pro forma >.
some offices have very broad responsibilities, touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program.
the academic dean should take a direct, long-term interest in faculty development.
the administration at the same time, looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments.
the first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty, by outside consultants, or by a combination of the two.
the president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind.
the president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them.
the president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance.
the quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty.
their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations.
there are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly.
they can be effective, however, if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work.
they evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion.
they serve not only as spokesmen for their areas, but they also contribute to top-level decision making.
to avoid passing over quiet, unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion, review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments.
to provide an independent judgment for the president, the academic dean also investigates candidates thoroughly.
to provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions, a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research.
trustees, faculty, and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made, instead of afterwards.
when the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget, to which his faith and credit are committed;
#ABSTRACT# Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( Argon ).
#EXPERIMENTAL APPARATUS# Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder.
#INTRODUCTION# The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation.
2.
2.
3.
a detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper.
a plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts.
a shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas.
an attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must, therefore, aim at a reduction of the anode loss.
argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow rate **f ) through a tube coaxial with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air.
argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction.
continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces.
feed back of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode.
gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes, but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself.
heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode.
heat transfer by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column.
hence, the flow conditions at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a stagnation point.
however, technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots.
however, the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux.
in free burning electric arcs, for instance, approximately 90% of the total arc power is transferred to the anode giving rise to local heat fluxes in excess of **f as measured by the authors- the exact value depending on the arc atmosphere.
in plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the co0ling medium of the anode.
in plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat.
in the discussion which follows, the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the < constant component >, and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the < variable component >.
inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2.
it is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the cathode.
it was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
it was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy A detailed energy balance of the anode was established.
qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities.
sintered porous metals should be usable in principle.
the 10.3- cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20, 1958, using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U& S& Naval Research Laboratory.
the age of the moon was about 2 days.
the anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount.
the anode consisted of a 1 inch diameter porous graphite plug, 1 inch long.
the anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk.
the anode material was porous graphite.
the anode plug ( Figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder.
the cathode consisted of a 1 ' diameter thoriated tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube.
the cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode.
the dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Amp.
the experimental arrangement as described below is based on the geometry of free burning arcs.
the following possibilities exist for achieving this: 1.
the gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions;
the graphite was National Carbon NC 60, which has a porosity of 50% and an average pore size of 30 This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode.
the half-intensity diameter of the main lobe of the antenna was about 18 '.5, and the brightness temperature was reduced by assuming a Gaussian shape for the antenna beam and a uniformly bright disk for the moon.
the heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up **f.
the heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects: 1.
the higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs.
the pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc ( rapid decrease of current density from cathode to the anode ).
the purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage.
the result of the observations is ( in ` K ) **f where the phase angle, |q < t >, is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors.
the third method was, to our knowledge, successfully applied for the first time by C& Sheer and co-workers ( Ref& 2 ).
the transpiring gas ejected from the anode formed a jet directed axially towards the cathode below.
the use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output.
the variation in the 3- cm emission of the moon during a lunation is very much less than the variation in the 8.6- mm emission, as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and Minnett ( 1949 ).
this arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the thermocouple by natural convection.
this energy transfer depends on the current, the temperature in the arc column, the anode material, and the conditions in the anode sheath.
this phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by Maecker ( Ref& 1 ).
this result is plotted along with the 8.6- mm observations of Gibson ( 1958 ) in figure 1, < a >.
this tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing.
three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature.
thus, direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref& 3 ).
thus, the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc.
two pyrometers shown in figure 1 and 2 ( Pyrometer Instrument Co& Model 95 ) served for simultaneous measurement of the anode surface temperature and the temperature distribution along the anode holder.
( < B > ) That because of the low viscosity of the fluid, the internal pressure is the same in all directions.
( < C > ) The kinetic effects are negligible.
( < D > ) Since the shape of the drop conforms to the force field, it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid.
( some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear, and some become asymptotic to it without breakup.
) this is, of course, a similar type of behavior to that indicated by birefringence studies.
**f is the work necessary to fill the manometer column from the reference height to < h >.
Mason and Taylor both show that the major axis of the ellipsoids is at 45' at low rates of shear and that it approaches the direction of shear with increased rates of shear.
a back pressure was then introduced, and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater, the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure.
according to Philippoff, the recoverable shear < s > is given by **f where |c is the angle of extinction.
although the **f calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure, it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects.
by this method it was determined that the normal pressure exerted by a sample of polybutene ( molecular weight reported to be 770 ) was over half an atmosphere.
consider a shear field with a height of < H > and a cross-sectional area of < A > opposed by a manometer with a height of < h > ( referred to the same base as < H > ) and a cross-sectional area of < a >.
essentially these birefringence studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at 45' to the direction of shear, and as the rate of shear increases, the direction of the maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of shear.
from this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the **f calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face.
however, there are photographs of suspended drops of cyclohexanol phthalate ( viscosity 155 poises ) suspended in corn syrup of 71 poises in a paper by Mason and Bartok.
however, they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper.
if **f is the change per unit volume in Gibbs function caused by the shear field at constant < P > and < T >, and |r is the density of the fluid, then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is **f.
if < a > is the major axis of an ellipsoid and < b > and < c > are the other two axes, the radius of curvature in the < ab > plane at the end of the axis is **f, and the difference in pressure along the < a > and < b > axes is **f.
if it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of **f, cosec 2 |c applies, the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis, and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated.
if the mechanics are similar, we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similar.
if the volume is the molal volume, then **f is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists.
if they are not ellipsoids, the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation.
in other words, if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature, the work done in compressing it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat sink.
in the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium ( referred to by some as thermostatics ) to the steady state.
it is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation.
it is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly, since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus.
its value was **f from the above data.
just as the pressure exerted by surface tension in a spherical drop is **f and the pressure exerted by surface tension on a cylindrical shape is **f, the pressure exerted by any curved surface is **f, where |g is the interfacial tension and **f and **f are the two radii of curvature.
measurements on the photograph in this paper give **f at the maximum rate of shear of **f.
such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks, paints, adhesives, molten plastics, and bread dough, for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed" length"," shortness"," spinnability", etc&, which are usually judged by subjective methods at present.
such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies.
the actual change **f caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume, just as it is for any gravitational or osmotic pressure head.
the actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand.
the concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference **f and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear.
the direction of the tension of minimum pressure is, of course, given by the direction of the major axis of the ellipsoids.
the elasticity as a parameter of fluids which is not subject to simple measurement at present, and it is a parameter which is probably varying in an unknown manner with many commercial materials.
the internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume.
the maximum suction was 3.25' ' of test fluid measured from the top of the block, and steady states were apparently reached with these fluids.
the minimum total potential energy is found by taking the derivative with respect to < H > and equating to zero.
the relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way.
the relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume: ( < A > ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop.
the total volume of the system above the reference height is **f, and < h > can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of < H >.
the two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300.
there are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas.
there is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that **f, where \q is the probability that state ( i&e&, volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone.
there is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature, and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields.
there is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out, and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear, so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar.
these are fluids which one would expect to be less viscoelastic or more Newtonian because of their lower molecular weight.
these are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear.
these droplets appear to be ellipsoids, and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are.
these droplets are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one's hands.
these experiments can be considered exploratory only.
they also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures.
this appears to be high, as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops.
this can be justified thermodynamically in this case, and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared.
this formula is given by Rumscheidt and Mason.
this gives **f, which is the pressure.
this has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that" the deformational mechanics of < elastic solids > can be applied to flowing solutions".
this is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium.
this is known as conformational entropy.
this means that work equals < q > which in turn equals **f.
this method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields.
this negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head **f since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes.
this viscosity of the material in the drops is, of course, not negligible.
#NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE ( NMR ) MEASUREMENTS# The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a Varian model **f broad line spectrometer and the associated 12-inch electromagnet system.
#THE CLEANING PROCESS# Cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces.
**f was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electron per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of **f, where **f.
a bridged- < T > type of bridge was used in the 10-16 Mc range.
a good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings;
a modulation frequency of 40 cps with an amplitude as small as possible, commensurate with reasonably good signal-to-noise quality, was used.
a single measurement of the spin-spin relaxation time **f was obtained at 10 Mc by pulse methods.
a single value of the thermal relaxation time **f at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method.
a well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent, with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder ratio.
an infrared spectrum, obtained by H& A& Benesi and R& G& Snyder of this laboratory, showed bands in the positions found by Jones.
an oversimplified differentiation between soft- and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved.
and the dwindling built-soap powders as well as soap flakes and granules, none of which are now nationally advertised.
background spectra were obtained in all cases.
chromium analysis gave 58.8% Cr as compared with 61.2% theory.
corrections were applied for modulation broadening, apparatus background, and field shift.
electron microscopic examination of the **f sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about 0.3|m in diameter.
even here there is room for some variation, for metal surfaces vary in smoothness, absorptive capacity, and chemical reactivity.
exclusive of esthetic values, such as high- or low-foam level, perfume content, etc&, the requirements for the organic active used in washing textiles are high.
field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line, defined as the field about which the first moment is zero.
for exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10.
for the low-temperature measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and Eades.
hard-surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of alkaline products: ( 1 ) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers, and ( 2 ) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork.
however, **f adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss.
in addition, many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in trisodium orthophosphate, which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products.
in contrast, a metal coupon **f in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less.
in the household market, there are also low-sudsing detergent formulations based on nonionic actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder;
light-duty synthetic detergents with much less builder;
magnetic analyses by R& G& Meisenheimer of this laboratory indicated no ferromagnetic impurities.
many scouring powders now also contain phosphates.
no matter how they are formulated, a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application, since they do not give adequate soil removal.
one gram of cotton has been found to have a specific surface area of **f.
one measurement at 40 Mc was obtained with the Varian model **f unit.
one sample, which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375' C, showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt % ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared, due to broadening, at low temperature.
polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when surfactants were a threat though expensive, and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the synergism between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited.
second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration.
spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube.
spectra were also obtained from a third sample of **f which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered, anhydrous alundum ( **f ).
spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4:1.
spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77-294 'K.
spring used a Brush surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal, depending upon surface roughness.
such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about **f.
the best known field of application for builders is in heavy-duty, spray-dried detergent formulations for household use.
the better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders.
the bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary.
the data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375' C which contain no adsorbed water.
the market today for detergent builders is quite diverse.
the measured powder density of the **f used here was about **f, approximately one-third that of the crystal density ( **f ).
the particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal domains are smaller than this.
the rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects.
the spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal.
the temperature was maintained to within about **f for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ).
the top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical.
the value derived was 16 microseconds.
the value of **f estimated at 470 gauss was **f microseconds.
the x-ray data are consistent with particle sizes of 1000 A or greater.
the x-ray diffraction pattern of the material, taken with CuK|a radiation, indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass.
there are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning.
these hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28.
these widely advertised products, which are used primarily for washing clothes, are based on high-sudsing, synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate.
this is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation.
this measurement was obtained by W& Blumberg of the University of California, Berkeley, by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal.
this sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above.
we found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination.
wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium, a solid substrate, soil to be removed, and the detergent or surface-active material.
#EXPERIMENTAL# _REAGENTS._- Matheson highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of resublimed **f into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air.
#INTRODUCTION# Because of the simplicity of the molecules, isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data.
#RESULTS# _THE THERMAL REACTION._- In studying the liquid phase thermal reaction, some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold fillings were prepared and analyzed.
_REACTION CONDITIONS AND ANALYSIS._- The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm& i&d& and about 15 cm& long.
_THE LIQUID PHASE PHOTOCHEMICAL REACTION._- The liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange, although still erratic.
after titration of the liberated **f with **f, aliquots of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a solution-type Geiger tube.
also it would be expected that **f would compete very effectively with any impurities as a scavenger for **f radicals.
both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220'.
by comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 **f was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases.
calcium hydride was substituted for **f as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride.
carrier **f was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ).
changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell.
contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish, even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents.
despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents, serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction.
experiments were done at 180, 200, 210, 220'.
following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent&, a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine, to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes.
following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution.
furthermore, the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high;
in a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm& i&d& Pyrex tubing of 1 mm& wall thickness.
in addition to the method described in the section above, chlorine and radiochlorine were prepared by the electrolysis of a **f eutectic on the vacuum line, and by exchange of **f with molten **f.
in all cases there was readily measurable exchange after as little as one hour of illumination.
in most cases the chlorine concentration was about **f.
in the gas phase, with **f of **f and **f of **f, quantum yields of the order of **f have been observed at 85'.
in the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after emptying.
it appears possible to set a lower limit of about **f for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form **f radical.
it should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine.
it should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid.
it was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine, and considering the spectral distribution of the light source.
it was then distilled at least three times from a trap at -78' to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each distillation.
it would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals, as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond.
liter quantities of Mallinckrodt, low sulfur, reagent grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with **f and **f and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 watt tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches.
no correlation between these variables and the irreproducibility of the results was found.
no detectable reaction was found at room temperature for reaction mixtures allowed to stand up to 5 hours.
of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine, the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory.
previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place.
purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal.
rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold fillings.
relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system.
sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another, both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour.
some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85' in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity.
the contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking, redistributed to the reaction tubes, frozen down, and each tube was then sealed off.
the desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off.
the fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the counts observed in the carbon tetrachloride to the counts calculated for the carbon tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon tetrachloride, empirically determined correction being made for the difference in counting efficiency of **f in **f and **f.
the improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold.
the light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell.
the mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column, a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of **f.
the photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at 65' using light absorbed only by the **f.
the photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm& i&d& Pyrex tubing, 5.5 cm& long, diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces.
the purified product was stored at -78' in a tube equipped with a break seal.
the radiochlorine was stored at -78' in a tube equipped with a break seal.
the rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions.
the reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off.
the reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies.
the reaction rates observed at 200' ranged from **f of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour.
the required amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line.
the round cells were reproducibly positioned in the light beam which entered the thermostated mineral oil-bath through a window.
the silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum chips with the resultant product of **f which was sublimed into a flask on the vacuum line.
these cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to shatter when thawing frozen carbon tetrachloride.
these estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at 65' is of the order of magnitude of unity.
this chlorine-carbon tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was resealed onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off.
this method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set.
to prepare the latter, silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing **f obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
two types of light source were used, a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc.
we are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their relevancy to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride.
#5.4.
#BIOLOGICAL WARFARE# Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man.
INDIRECT INDICATIONS OF MICROMETEORITE FLUX# A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson, 1960 ).
a concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude ( Manning and Eshleman, 1959 ).
a man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases.
a summary of meteorite data, prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic, visual, and radar evidence, is given in Table 5-1.
also, it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best, 1960 ), and the same distribution would not be expected.
an important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area.
at the fifteenth magnitude, **f, and at the twenty-fifth magnitude, **f.
biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon.
extrapolation of this relationship through the thirtieth magnitude covers the range of micrometeorites.
for all meteorites, the average nickel content is about 2.5 per cent.
for example, Jacchia ( 1948 ) derived a scale of 0.15 g for a **f, zero-magnitude meteorite.
from an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite, the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude.
hence, these figures apply immediately above the Earth's atmosphere.
however, the conversion from mass to size is unreliable, since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy, loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as **f.
if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth, only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass.
it is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of 2.512 per magnitude, in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant.
it is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development, resulting in the production of BW weapons systems.
man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals.
most meteoritic material, by the time it reaches the Earth's surface, has been reduced to dust or to spherules of ablated material in its passage through the atmosphere.
much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques.
much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics.
much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures.
note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used;
of course, if there is a dust blanket around the Earth, the fluxes in interplanetary space should be less than the figures given here.
present data indicate an accretion of about **f tons per year over the entire globe, or about **f.
the approximate equation is **f, where < n > is the number of **f with electron line-density greater than or equal to **f, and < q > is proportional to the mass of the meteorite.
the biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied intensively during the past fifteen years.
the diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity.
the entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratissue inoculation.
the extrapolation may be in error for several reasons.
the figures in the next-to-last column are derived with the assumption of 50 per cent shielding by the Earth;
the flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data.
the flux values are for all particles with masses greater than the given mass and are based on an estimate of the numbers of visual meteors.
the importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated.
the incubation period of infectious disease, plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect, render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter.
the intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure, through natural respiration, to aerosolized organisms.
the major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect.
the mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite, permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( Cook and Whipple, 1958 ).
the natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract, such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi, are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence.
the observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region.
the older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light.
the radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density **f except for the smallest particles, which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure.
the relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1.
the solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns.
the threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of **f in the U&S& work and **f in the U&S&S&R& work.
the threshold mass of about **f corresponds to a 10- |m-diameter sphere of density **f.
the unshielded flux is given in the last column;
the values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta.
the velocity value used is also open to some question;
there is a difference in the experimental arrangement, in that the U&S& microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin.
therefore, < n > is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data.
these extrapolated fluxes are about an order of magnitude less than the values from the satellite data and the figures in Whipple's table.
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth.
they quote about the same mass threshold as that of the U&S& apparatus, but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater.
this area is highly susceptible to infection.
this concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials, the pathogenesis of respiratory infections, the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence.
this is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial dusts and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass influx.
this" ejection" momentum is linearly related to the particle energy.
thus, an enemy would probably use this weapon for attack on static population centers such as large cities.
to what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown.
very small particles, however, in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs.
zodiacal light and the < gegenschein > give some evidence for such a dust blanket, a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun, as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors.
#MATERIALS AND METHODS# _SAMPLES._ Serum samples were obtained from normal group A, group B and group O donors.
Abelson and Rawson, using a stepwise elution scheme, fractionated whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose.
America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed, precooked and even predigested foods.
Fahey and Morrison used a single, continuous gradient at constant pH for the fractionation of anti- A and anti- B agglutinins from preisolated |g-globulin samples.
Speer and coworkers, in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera, used a series of gradients for elution from DEAE-cellulose.
_CHROMATOGRAPHY._ Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 hr, centrifuged and the serum was removed.
_SEROLOGICAL TECHNIQUE._ Anti- A and anti- B activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group A, group B or group O donors by the following tube agglutination methods.
a few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned.
a hypothetical example will illustrate this point.
a variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies.
after dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the supernatant placed on a **f cm column of EEAE-cellulose equilibrated with starting buffer.
biological agents are, moreover, suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense.
for the albumin method, equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin, sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min. all samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods.
homozygous and heterozygous **f cells, **f and homozygous and heterozygous **f cells were used to test each sample;
however, in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous **f and homozygous **f cells will be presented here.
huge industries are involved also in the production of biological products, drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack.
if it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city, it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city.
in addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( R& E& ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously.
in several instances group O cells were also used as controls.
in the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson, and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ABO and Rh systems have been described.
in this case, then, the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack.
it should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons.
let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( < Rickettsia prowazwki > ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom.
lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus.
modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators.
no epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City A was not lousy.
on the other hand, a similar attack might have been made on City B whose population was known to be lousy.
one contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1:512 in saline.
one drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group **f or group B red cells in a small **f test tube.
one might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack.
one must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products.
our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target.
some of those who question the value of BW have assumed that the < only > potential would be in the establishment of epidemics.
the DEAE-cellulose, containing 0.78 mEq of N, was prepared in our laboratory by the method of Peterson and Sober ( 7 ) from powdered cellulose, 100-230 mesh.
the activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline, albumin and indirect Coombs techniques.
the air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack.
the anti-human sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits.
the cells were then washed three times with saline and resuspended to 2% in saline.
the cells were washed three times with saline, anti-human serum was added, the cells were resuspended, and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination.
the chromatography was done at 6' C using gradient elution, essentially according to Sober and Peterson.
the major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices.
the mixtures of sample plus cell suspension were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr. the tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined macroscopically for agglutination.
the red cells for the Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the **f cells, which had been glycerolized and stored at -20' C for approximately 1 year.
the red cells were used within 2 days after donation and were washed with large amounts of saline before use.
the saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37' C before centrifugation.
the saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner.
the same delivery vehicles- whether they be airplanes, submarines or guided missiles- should be usable.
the second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1:256 in albumin and 1:2048 by the indirect Coombs test.
the serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes, approximately 750 ml each, of" starting buffer".
the small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer, centrifuged, resuspended in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity.
the third, containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies, had titers of 1:256 in saline, 1:512 in albumin and 1:1024 by the indirect Coombs test.
these antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous **f red cells.
these cells were thawed at 37' C for 30 min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions ( 20, 18, 10, 8, 4 and 2% ).
these include low-temperature ethanol ( Cohn ) fractionation, electrophoresis, ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses.
they argue further ( and somewhat contradictorily ) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an outbreak of disease.
they then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics, it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated.
this buffer, pH 8.6, was 0.005 M in **f and 0.039 M in tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminomethane ( Tris ).
this is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage.
this is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention.
this serum exhibited titers of 1:16 in albumin and 1:256 by the indirect Coombs test.
this was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic.
this, of course, does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease.
those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the" broad spectrum" type were selected for used in the present study.
three of the anti- Rh sera used were taken from recently sensitized individuals.
< a& armata > is much more beautiful in color, at least in the female of the species: a rich, velvety, rusty red.
I will deal with these later on.
after all, social life in the group of the bees is by no means general, although it certainly is a striking feature.
after another two weeks, the first young emerge, four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees, collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying.
after having mated, an < Andrena > female digs a hole straight down into the ground, forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil.
after the male and female andrenas have mated, the cycle is repeated.
almost equal in size to a honeybee.
although < Andrena > is gregarious, so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together, we must still call it a solitary bee.
as a result, the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases, and eventually the old colony will die out completely.
as befits a queen, a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place.
as we have already seen in the first chapter, bumblebees are bigger, hairier, and much more colorful than honeybees, exhibiting various combinations of black, yellow, white and orange.
at the old nest, the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females.
bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of < Psithyrus >, the" cuckoo-bumblebee" as it is called in some European countries.
but let us return, after this gruesome interlude, to our willow catkins in the spring;
but they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer, fall, and winter.
each now makes a tough, papery cocoon and pupates.
female individuals of < Psithyrus > look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize.
if we manage to keep track of a < Bombus > queen after she has left her feeding place, we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep.
if you really insist on knowing their names, an excellent book on the North American species is < Bumblebees and Their Ways > by O& E& Plath.
in the Sacramento valley in California, for instance, it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins.
it is almost certain that some of these, usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees, are andrenas or mining bees.
it is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in August.
it lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long, branched hairs on its legs, on which the pollen grains will collect.
its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species.
later on, they and the mother < Psithyrus > are fed by the < Bombus > workers.
let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game, and let us just call them < Bombus >;
males and mating females do not emerge until later in the season.
most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest, a bird house, or the hole made by a woodpecker;
not always, though, does the development of a bumblebee colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described.
on the basis of its life history, we like to think that < Andrena > is more primitive than the bumblebees.
on this, she builds an" egg compartment" or" egg cell" which is filled with that famous pollen-and-nectar mixture called beebread.
once she has made up her mind, the queen starts out by constructing, in her chosen abode, a small" floor" of dried grass or some woolly material.
one of my favorites is < A& armata >, a species very common in England, where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee.
quite often, honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins.
she also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey.
she continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.
simultaneously, males or drones are produced, mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers, although a few may be produced by the queen.
some members of the bee family have become idlers, social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives.
some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss.
the bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or" cells", each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread.
the broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones, probably because they are better fed. by the middle of the summer, many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is" optimal", and it is then that young queens begin to appear.
the development of the < Andrena > larvae is very rapid, so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults.
the female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host.
the females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns, where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds.
the first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs;
the hosts never seem to recognize that something is amiss, so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally.
the larvae, kept warm by the queen, are full grown in about ten days.
the males are much duller.
the nest itself, the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak, is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths.
the one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler, < Psithyrus >, lack the pollen baskets- naturally!
the queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen, taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots.
the temperature then is still very high.
the way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect, either.
the young queens and drones leave the nest and mate, and after a short period of freedom, the fertilized young queens will begin to dig in for the winter.
their appearance, next spring, coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants.
then, a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed.
there are about 200 different kinds of < Andrena > in Europe alone.
there are other wild bees that command our attention.
there must be several dozen species in the United States alone.
this must be due to a completely identical response to the weather, in the plant and the animal.
thus, the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread.
when she succeeds, she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively, to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment.
when the larvae hatch, they feed on the beebread, although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother.
worse still, in a number of cases it has been claimed that the < Psithyrus > female kills off the < Bombus > queen.
#GROWTH OF THE SIX GIANTS# Discussions of the giants one by one will include, as far as possible, data on these aspects of growth: size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached;
Alphonse R& Hoge's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male.
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces.
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes, but on the third level, and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda.
Carl Kauffeld has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940.
Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years, and J& J& Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years.
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth.
I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity.
Lawrence E& Griffin gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas, presumably members of a brood, from" South America";
Oliver 's 37-1 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable.
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes, and has come to these conclusions: the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet, the reticulate python 33, the African rock python 25, the amethystine python at least 22, the Indian python 20, and the boa constrictor 18-1.
Raymond L& Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches.
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces ( this snake must have been emaciated ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana.
_ANACONDA:_ At birth, this species varies considerably in size.
_BOA CONSTRICTOR:_ A Colombian female's brood of sixteen boa constrictors born in the Staten Island Zoo averaged 20 inches.
a brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo, near Chicago, ranged in length from 22 to 33-1 inches and averaged 29 inches.
a difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size.
air-drifts from one area to another are, therefore, conceivable.
and maximum length, with confirmation or amplification of Oliver's figures.
another marked difference is noted here.
definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking.
detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows.
distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other, as in type 1, ( fig& 24 ).
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities.
he concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters, which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less that 46 feet ).
he reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found, some might be 38, and occasional" monstrous freaks" over 50.
he rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more.
his thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength, but these seem to be given to complete his picture, not to be believed.
however, as a field measurement, it is open to question.
however, as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes, these data must be taken tentatively;
however, many herpetologists remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet.
in 1948, Afranio do Amaral, the noted Brazilian herpetologist, wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes.
in contrast, Ditmars recorded the average length of seventy-two young of a 19-foot female as 38 inches, and four young were born in London at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 ounces.
in snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies.
in this instance, because of incomplete septation, the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1,.
it does, as in type 1,, supply the hilar lymph nodes, the pulmonary artery, the pulmonary vein, the bronchi, and the bronchioles- terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole.
it is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules;
it is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to subspecies limited to a small area.
it is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate.
lung type 3, ( fig& 3 ) is to some degree a composite of types 1, and 2,.
no bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group.
one female, collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua, was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from < snout to vent > ( her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long ).
r& R& Mole and F& W& Urich give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries.
rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage;
the argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes, about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again, or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards;
the bronchial artery, except for a small number of short branches in the hilum, contributes none of the pleural blood supply.
the bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout.
the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the Brookfield brood and its average.
the female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long.
the former figure is based on a somewhat unusual birth of four by a Central American female ( see chapter on Laying, Brooding, Hatching, and Birth ), the latter on a" normal" newly born individual.
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove, to the scientific mind, the existence of hoop snakes, joint snakes, or ghosts.
the most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern Colombia by Roberto Lamon, a petroleum geologist of the Richmond Oil Company, and reported in 1944 by Emmett R& Dunn.
the most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1,, being composed of numerous, apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional, poorly developed respiratory bronchioles ( figs& 14, 15 ).
the pulmonary artery, in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole, the alveolar duct, and the alveoli, continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig& 8 ).
the pulmonary vein, however, without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1,, follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs& 8, 22 ).
the range is from 14 to 25 inches;
the results are too varied to allow generalization.
this birth length seems to be typical.
thus, his estimate lies between Oliver's suggestion of at least 37 feet and the 50-foot" monstrous freaks" intimated by Heuvelmans.
time required to reach maturity;
unfortunately, no one has kept complete records of one individual, whereas many have been made for a very short period of time.
well defined, but haphazardly arranged, interlobular septa and a thick, remarkably vascular pleura ( fig& 9 ).
what data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate;
when some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated, little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected.
#SUMMARY# The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented.
Onsets, Completions, and Skeletal Ages ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified, using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile.
a tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types.
absent in type 2,;
accordingly, maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart, respectively, should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence.
also, for the present, great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man.
although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines are based are < relatively > larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ), there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets.
arterial supply to the pleura in types 1, and 3, is provided by the bronchial artery, and in type 2,, by the pulmonary artery.
as one approach to doing this, Figures 3 and 4 have been constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2.
as stated earlier in the paper, Onsets and Completions- particularly the former- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development, each within a limited age period.
finally, it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species.
first, the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls.
first, the upper portion requires series of films for every child, consisting of those from Hand, Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, and Foot.
fourth, the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically, with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center.
imperfectly developed in type 3,.
in addition, a detailed interspecies survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary emphysema in mammals would be interesting and pertinent.
in contrast, 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile ( excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period, approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls.
in the lower portion of each Chart, the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified.
in type 1, the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum.
in type 3, the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed.
in type 3, this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2,.
in types 1,, 2, and 3, the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole.
it is clear that there are some differences in the ratings, but there is substantial agreement.
it is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as" advanced"," moderate" ( modal ), or" delayed" according to whether the child's age equivalent" dots" appeared to the < left > of, < upon >, or to the < right > of the appropriate short transverse line.
it may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small, according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body.
it was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2.
lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1,;
second, for both sexes, the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile.
second, the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long, short, and round bones of the five regions.
since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth, from Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, or Foot as well as Hand, it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood.
some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1.
such an indicator, or indicators, are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress.
such classifications may be called" somewhat advanced" or" somewhat delayed", as the case may be, reserving" moderate" for dots upon or close to the mean.
the Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence.
the Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children.
the data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3, and for girl 2 in Figure 4.
the differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows.
the direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset.
the length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset, and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure, or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables.
the lower portion necessitates only films of Hand.
the lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly, since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region.
the lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood.
the lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion.
the numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers.
the pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types 1, and 3,.
the pleura is extremely thin in type 2, and septa are absent.
the upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation, and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation.
the" dot" on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center.
the" tip" of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center.
there the middle one of the three curves denotes" mean Skeletal Age" for the Maturity Series boys and girls.
third, the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls, a fact which confirms data for other groups of children.
third, the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level, Onset and Completion.
this is especially so if the dog, cat or monkey are to be used, in view of their marked anatomical differences from man.
this maybe due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present.
thus, a child's Skeletal Age" dots" may be classified as" advanced" when they appear above the middle curve," moderate" when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve, and" delayed" when they appear below the lower curve.
thus, the alignment of the" dots" and" tips", respectively, indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls.
to summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart: each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers.
true terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1, and 3,, although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present.
type 1, is represented by the cow, sheep, and pig;
type 2,, by the dog, cat, and monkey;
type 3,, by the horse.
well developed respiratory bronchioles, on the other hand, appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type 2,.
when a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line, the" moderate" rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age.
when the" dot" and" tip" coincide, the classification used in this paper is" same schedule".
#1.
#b.
ANTITHYROID DRUGS_ Antithyroid drugs are of two general types.
Albert ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of TSH made during this period, from 1931 to 1945, were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material.
Alpers, Robbins and Rall, 1955 ).
Brown ( 1959 ) has reviewed generally the various methods of assaying TSH, and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject.
CHEMICAL CONSTITUTION AND PHYSICAL PROPERTIES OF PITUITARY TSH# As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid .. this connection was clarified by Smith and Smith ( 1922 ), who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles.
DIETARY INFLUENCES_ Besides the presence of goitrogens in the diet, the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid gland.
Pierce, Carsten and Wynston, 1960 ).
Stanbury, Brownell, Riggs, Perinetti, Itoiz, and Del Castillo, 1954 ).
THE THYROID-STIMULATING HORMONE# The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so far tested for its presence.
_e.
_f.
a microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8, and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity, has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury, 1957 ).
a study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers, Petermann and Rall, 1956 ).
after their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation techniques to the problem, as well as fractionation with organic solvents, such as acetone.
any of the antithyroid drugs, of either type, if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre, owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis, with production of hypothyroidism.
at the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid, but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated, including release of iodine from the thyroid, increase in thyroid weight, increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of **f.
besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes.
besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types, certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods.
developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by Sonenberg ( 1958 ).
first, is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored?
further, the gland is able to re-use a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone de-iodinated peripherally.
here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood.
if the deficiency persists long enough, it is reasonable to suppose that the **f label will reflect the **f distribution in the thyroglobulin.
in evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood, one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them.
in man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 |mg per day.
in the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia, hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( Money, Rall and Rawson, 1952;
in the last few years, the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification ( Bates and Condliffe, 1960;
in the presence of a low iodine intake, thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with **f is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal, the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced.
it does not appear to affect the iodinating mechanism as such.
it has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine, but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong.
it has been suggested that the plasma thyroxine-binding proteins, which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine, compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine ( Ingbar and Freinkel, 1957 ).
it is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid, where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin.
it is presumed to occur in other members of the Brassica family.
it is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary TSH if the fragmentary chemical information about blood TSH is to be discussed rationally.
much of this work has been reviewed by White ( 1944 ) and by Albert ( 1949 ).
on the other hand, there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type, such as resorcinol, possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine.
one type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoroboride type.
second, what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction?
similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping, or organification, or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis.
the anterior lobe of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of TSH, causing the thyroid to enlarge.
the antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type, however, are not antagonised by such means.
the effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet.
the finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from TSH-treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in vivo.
the first attempts to isolate TSH came a decade later, when Janssen and Loeser ( 1931 ) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble TSH from insoluble impurities.
the hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone.
the importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients ( Adams, 1958 ).
the introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time.
the mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out, but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood, 1954 ).
the most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency, composition and physical properties.
the most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone, which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer, 1950 ).
the other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil.
the thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream.
there is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known.
there is some evidence that naturally occurring goitrogens may play a role in the development of goitre, particularly in Tasmania and Australia ( Clements and Wishart, 1956 ).
there it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen, which is then secreted in the milk.
these drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism, but they inhibit organification.
this appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid secretion of newly iodinated thyroglobulin.
this de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine, but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine.
this ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid.
two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood.
whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH, or is, alternatively, normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent, cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary TSH.
with lower levels, thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine.
( 2 ) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20-50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems.
( 3 ) In other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by Dineen and Ade ( 1957 ).
( 4 ) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl ( DEAE- ) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer ( PBS ) containing **f potassium phosphate and **f.
_PREPARATION OF FROZEN SECTIONS_ The technique of cutting sections was essentially the same as that described by Coons < et al > & ( 1951 ).
_PURIFICATION OF THE CONJUGATES_ In attempting to improve specificity of staining, the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways: ( 1 ) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( Coons, 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by < Agrobacterium tumefaciens > ( E& F& Smith + Townsend ) Conn, on sweet clover stems.
a careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels.
a section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa, associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils.
as shown in Figure 3, the protoplasm of other fibers was pale, granular, or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes.
at times, clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed.
cultures taken from the jejunum yielded Monilia albicans, Pseudomonas pyocanea, Aerobacter aerogenes, and Streptococcus anhemolyticus.
in addition, there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney.
in all of the sections examined, the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal.
in association with these changes in the fibers, there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei.
in contrast to the nuclear changes described above, another change in muscle nuclei was seen, usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae.
in the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous necrotic fibers such as that shown in Figure 2.
individual nuclei were usually oval to round, though occasionally elongated, and frequently small and somewhat pyknotic.
inflammatory cells were strikingly absent.
macrophages laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the alveoli, and the intima of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue.
microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius, pectoralis major, transversus abdominis, biceps brachii, and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers.
microscopically, both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis, tubular atrophy, and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells.
microscopically, the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods.
microscopically, there was emphysema, fibrosis, and vascular congestion.
microscopically, there was hyperemia of the central veins, and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma.
microscopically, there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity.
occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils.
occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( Fig& 5 ).
on the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow, firm, friable raised areas measuring up to 2 cm& in diameter.
root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen, embedded in ice, and cut at 3-6 |m in a cryostat maintained at -16' to -20'.
some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm, while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment.
some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells, and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers.
some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi, and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage.
such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic, contained a few pyknotic nuclei, and showed loss of cross-striations, obliteration of myofibrils, and prominent vacuolization.
the bone of the vertebral bodies, ribs, and sternum was soft and was easily compressed.
the cells of the erythroid, myeloid, and megakaryocytic series were normal except for their numbers.
the endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent, and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin.
the firm red spleen weighed 410 gm&, and its surface was mottled by discrete, small patches of white material.
the gallbladder contained about 40 cc& of green-brown bile and 3 smooth, dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm& in diameter.
the kidneys were pale and weighed right, 110 gm&, and left, 230 gm&.
the latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory.
the liver weighed 2,090 gm&, was brown in color, and the cut surface was mottled by irregular pale areas.
the marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement.
the mucosa of the jejunum and ileum showed similar changes, and in some areas the submucosa was edematous and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils.
the mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm& area.
the muscles of the extremities, chest wall, neck, and abdominal wall were soft, pale, and atrophic.
the necrosis often involved only a portion of the length of a given fiber, and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal.
the nuclei of these fibers, as is shown in Figures 3 and 4, showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated, forming a chainlike structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber.
the parenchyma was slightly hyperemic in the apex of the left lung, and there were several firm, gray, fibrocalcific nodules measuring as large as 3 mm&.
the precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of **f, dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 < M > neutral phosphate buffer, dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions, and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen.
the proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of **f in **f to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by 80% saturation with **f.
the sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts' adhesive ( Johansen, 1940 ) in earlier experiments, and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Ro^ttger ( 1959 ).
the sections were then thawed by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 minutes;
the small and large intestines were filled with gas, and the jejunum was dilated to about 2 times its normal circumference.
the small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc& of foul-smelling, sanguineous material, and the mucosa throughout was hyperemic and mottled green-brown.
the submucosa was focally infiltrated with neutrophils.
the surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear, fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter.
there was no evidence of fibrosis.
there were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis.
these changes were more marked in the atrophic right kidney than in the left.
these changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and biceps and less evident in the pectoralis, diaphragm, and transversus.
these were increased both in number and in size, contained prominent nucleoli, and were distributed throughout the fiber ( Figs& 2-5 ).
these were thought to represent regenerating fibers.
throughout, there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles.
trichrome stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles.
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks.
#,.
#,.
( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions;
( 3 ) in a state of depression, the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the EEG.
Brakke < et al > &, 1954 ).
HYPOTHALAMIC BALANCE AND ITS SIGNIFICANCE# After this brief discussion of neo-, paleocortical, and cortico-hypothalamic relations, let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance.
MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species, as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions.
ON THE PHYSIOLOGICAL BASIS OF SOME FORM OF PSYCHOTHERAPY# The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion.
a change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or, in special circumstances, to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting.
a previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey < A > and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges.
a state of parasympathetic" tuning" of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli, but leads also to an autonomic reversal: a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response!
a study of the distribution of WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm.
although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it, there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance.
apparently, a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex.
before we comment further on these pathological conditions, we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness.
but even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat, sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex.
consequently, if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level, the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges.
even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey < A > on seeing monkey < B > ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress.
facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways.
furthermore, conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level, and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic" tuning" are observed.
however, if these procedures are applied more often, conditioned emotional responses are temporarily abolished.
if this is the case, one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise.
if, for instance, such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks, previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear.
important as these differences are, they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side, we produce depressions, whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and, eventually, maniclike changes.
in addition, the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates, as Mirsky's interesting experiment on the" communication of affect" demonstrates.
in both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished, but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs.
in experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex, the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated.
in other studies, loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive ( metrazol ) treatments, suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes.
it has further been shown that: ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance;
it is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism.
it seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned, and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism.
it should be added that in man neocortical-hypothalamic interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception, memory, imagination, and creativity.
it was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle.
moreover, the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level induces, by its peripheral action, the autonomic symptoms of sleep and, by its action on the cortex, a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system.
moreover, the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions.
nevertheless, the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients.
obviously, a vicious cycle develops.
of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect.
on the other hand, the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a barbiturate into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine spikes until the hypothalamic excitability is restored.
perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to < qualitative > alterations in reactivity.
physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges.
previous experiences are obviously of great importance for the qualitative and quantitative emotional response.
similar effects can be induced reflexly via the baroreceptor reflexes in man and animals.
since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep, it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus.
since emotional reactions in the higher vertebrates depend on individual experience and are aroused in man, in addition, by complex symbols, one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex.
some investigators have found a parallelism between remissions and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the Mecholyl test and, conversely, between clinical impairment and increasing deviation of this test from the norm.
specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as, for instance, between reserpine and chlorpromazine.
synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers, but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs.
the Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance, but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states, and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions, additional tests seem to be desirable.
the concentration and apparent localization of the WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus preferentially multiplies in the phloem and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to infect plants.
the emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner;
the former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs, the latter the tranquilizers.
the fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated.
the shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance.
the specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few thick-walled cells in the xylem region, but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors.
the visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory, but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper.
these are few and seemingly disjointed data, but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation, pharmacological action, or clinical processes.
they shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side.
this explains the beneficial effect of electroshock therapy in certain depressions and a shift in the reaction from hypo- to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the Mecholyl test.
this tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways.
thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges.
thus, a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness, resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition.
with the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus, the opposite changes occur.
wound-tumor virus is a leafhopper transmitted virus not easily transmissible by mechanical inoculation ( Black, 1944;
#COROLLARY.# < If **f are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of > T, < then each **f is a polynomial in > T, < and accordingly if a linear operator > U < commutes with > T < then > U < commutes with each of the **f i&e&, each subspace **f is invariant under > U. in the notation of the proof of Theorem 12, let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for < T > is a product of first-degree polynomials, i&e&, the case in which each **f is of the form **f.
#COROLLARY.# < Let > V < be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field > F, < e&g&, the field of complex numbers.
#DEFINITION.# < Let > N < be a linear operator on the vector space > V. < we say that > N < is > { nilpotent } < if there is some positive integer > r < such that > **f.
#EXAMPLE 11.# In the primary decomposition theorem, it is not necessary that the vector space < V > be finite dimensional, nor is it necessary for parts ( a ) and ( b ) that < p > be the minimal polynomial for < T >.
#THEOREM 13.# < Let > T < be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space > V < over the field > F. < suppose that the minimal polynomial for > T < decomposes over > F < into a product of linear polynomials.
( actually, a nilpotent operator on an < n > -dimensional space must have its < n > th power 0;
) now **f is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent.
< the diagonalizable operator > D < and the nilpotent operator > N < are uniquely determined by > ( a ) < and > ( b ) < and each of them is a polynomial in > T. _PROOF._ We have just observed that we can write **f where < D > is diagonalizable and < N > is nilpotent, and where < D > and < N > not only commute but are polynomials in < T >.
a function < g > such that **f, i&e&, **f, must be a polynomial function of degree **f or less: **f.
but then since the operator is diagonalizable, the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root;
by Theorem 10, < D > is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the { diagonalizable part } of < T >.
conversely, let < g > be any polynomial such that **f.
for since it is nilpotent, the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form **f for some **f;
for vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields, we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors.
for, using the fact that < N > and < N' > commute **f and so when < r > is sufficiently large every term in this expression for **f will be 0.
hence **f and the minimal polynomial is simply < x >, which says the operator is 0.
hence the minimal polynomial for **f is **f.
hence they commute with < D > and with < N >.
however, one does not need to know very much.
if **f denotes the space of < n > times continuously differentiable functions, then the space < V > of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of **f.
if **f is the null space of **f, then Theorem 12 says that **f.
if **f is the operator induced on **f by < T >, then evidently **f, because by definition **f is 0 on the subspace **f.
if < D > denotes the differentiation operator and < p > is the polynomial **f then < V > is the null space of the operator < p(D ) >, because **f simply says **f.
if < T > is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and < if > there is a monic polynomial < p > such that **f, then parts ( a ) and ( b ) of Theorem 12 are valid for < T > with the proof which we gave.
if we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions, then **f and < V > are complex vector spaces, and **f may be any complex numbers.
if we take **f above, that will be large enough.
in concluding this section, we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem.
in other words, if < f > satisfies the differential equation **f, then < f > is uniquely expressible in the form **f where **f satisfies the differential equation **f.
it is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter.
it is certainly clear that the subspaces **f are invariant under < T >.
it is easily seen that **f divides < g >.
it is very easy to establish by induction on < r > that if < f > is in **f then **f that is, **f, etc&.
it then follows that **f is large enough, but this is not obvious from the above expression.
let < n > be a positive integer and let < V > be the space of all < n > times continuously differentiable functions < f > on the real line which satisfy the differential equation **f where **f are some fixed constants.
let us look at the operator **f.
let us now regard < D > as a linear operator on the subspace < V >.
let us put **f.
now **f **f so **f.
now suppose that we also have **f where < D' > is diagonalizable, < N' > is nilpotent, and **f.
now the range of **f is the null space **f of **f.
now we have **f or **f and all four of these operators commute with one another.
since < D > and < D' > are both diagonalizable and they commute, they are simultaneously diagonalizable, and **f is diagonalizable.
since < D' > and < N' > commute with one another and **f, we see that < D' > and < N' > commute with < T >.
since < N > and < N' > are both nilpotent and they commute, the operator **f is nilpotent;
such an operator is obviously the zero operator;
the reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that **f and in general that **f.
then **f.
then **f.
then every linear operator > T < on > V < can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator > D < and a nilpotent operator > N < which commute.
then there is a diagonalizable operator > D < on > V < and a nilpotent operator > N < on > V < such that > ( a ) **f, ( b ) **f.
these operators > D < and > N < are unique and each is a polynomial in > T. from these results, one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators.
this completes the proof of statement ( a ).
this reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra, i&e&, by the primary decomposition theorem.
this shows that the minimal polynomial for **f divides **f.
thus **f if and only if **f.
thus **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial < p > of < T >, i&e&, **f divides **f.
thus < D' > and < N' > commute with any polynomial in < T >;
thus we see that **f and **f.
thus, the study of the solutions to the equation **f is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form **f.
to describe the space of solutions to **f, one must know something about differential equations, that is, one must know something about < D > other than the fact that it is a linear operator.
we have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra.
we now write **f where **f are distinct complex numbers.
we shall prove that **f.
when **f for each < i >, we shall have **f, because the operator **f will then be 0 on the range of **f.
( for instance, see Example 2 of Section 5-5, on red cards in hands of 5.
) on the other hand, even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied, the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes;
THE TRIALS ARE INDEPENDENT._ Strictly speaking, this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials.
_4.
_EXAMPLE 2._ The marksman gets two bull' s-eyes, one on his third shot and one on his fifth.
_EXAMPLES WHERE INDEPENDENCE FAILS._ A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains, and a coin is tossed to decide.
_EXPERIMENT WHERE P IS NOT CONSTANT._ During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman, lowering his chance of a bull' s-eye.
_RANDOM VARIABLES._ Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success.
_TO SUMMARIZE:_ A < binomial experiment > consists of **f independent binomial trials, all with the same probability **f of yielding a success.
a binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes.
a square inscribed in a curve < C > means a square with its four corner points on the curve, though it may not lie entirely in the interior of < C >.
an experiment consists of the voting of one couple, or two trials.
as < s > approaches < T > the square will be outside < C > and therefore both **f and **f must cross < C > an odd number of times as < s > varies from zero to < T >.
as < s > increases we consider the two free corner points of the square, **f and **f, adjacent to < P > and < Q > respectively.
binomial distributions were treated by James Bernoulli about 1700, and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called < Bernoulli trials >.
but Table 7-1 shows that **f or 0.70 agree, too many for independent voting.
consider a simple, closed, plane curve < C > which is a real-analytic image of the unit circle, and which is given by **f.
consider couples visiting an art museum.
each performance of an < n > -trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through < n > as the value of the random variable < X >, where **f.
each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize.
experimentally, we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another.
for any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square.
for example, the marksman gets 5 shots, but we take his score to be the number of shots < before > his first bull' s-eye, that is, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 ( or 5, if he gets no bull' s-eye ).
for example, we are interested in the number of bull' s-eyes, not which shots were bull' s-eyes.
here, for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves, we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results.
in repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple, the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply, because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors.
in the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense, exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares.
indeed, the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family.
indeed, the spiral **f, with the two endpoints connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square.
note that we need not know the value of < p >, for the experiment to be binomial.
obviously, very slight changes in < p > do not change the probabilities much, and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference.
on < C >, from the point < P > at **f to the point < Q > at **f, we construct the chord, and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as < s > approaches zero the square is inside < C >.
suppose **f crosses < C > when **f.
table 7-1 illustrates the point.
that is, we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model.
the choice of < p > and < n > determines the binomial distribution uniquely, and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when **f;
the constancy of < p > and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice.
the following is a less extreme example of dependence.
the latter theorem has been generalized by Yamabe and Yujobo, and Cairns to show that in **f there are families of such cubes.
the number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1, and there are 5 such random variables here.
the numbers of successes on the five individual shots are, then, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1.
the outcome of the experiment is < X > successes.
the points may also touch < C > without crossing.
the random variable < X > takes the values **f with probabilities **f or, more briefly **f.
the set of all binomial distributions is called < the family of binomial distributions >, but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to" the binomial distribution", or even" the binomial" when the context is clear.
the several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable < X >, the total number of successes, which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials.
the square has one corner point on the straight line segment, and does not lie entirely in the interior.
the table shows that 0.6 of the boys and 0.6 of the girls vote for picture < A >.
their sum is < X >, the total number of successes, which in this experiment has the value **f.
then the number of successes is always 0 ).
therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1, with probabilities < q > and < p > respectively.
therefore, under independent voting, **f or 0.36 of the couples would cast two votes for picture < A >, and **f or 0.16 would cast two votes for picture < B >.
these are real analytic periodic functions with period < T >.
this theorem is similar to the theorem of Kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed, bounded convex set in **f.
thus in independent voting, **f or 0.52 of the couples would agree.
thus in the three-dice example **f, **f, and the independence assumption implies that the probability that the three dice fall ace, not-ace, ace in that order is ( 1 ).
thus we do not score the number of bull' s-eyes, and the random variable is not the number of successes.
voting for one picture may be called" success", for the other" failure".
we now have certain squares with three corners on < C >.
we shall find a formula for the probability of exactly < x > successes for given values of < p > and < n >.
we want to know the number of people going to the mountains.
we want to study the < probability function > of this random variable.
when each number of successes < x > is paired with its probability of occurrence **f, the set of pairs **f, is a probability function called a < binomial distribution >.
when this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials, one for each member of the family, the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent.
#1.# Let < Q > be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli **f and **f, and let \g be a **f curve of order < k > on < Q >.
#2.# The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve \g. we now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described.
#INTRODUCTION.# In @1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers.
#LEMMA 4.# < The values **f are the ordinary values at **f of a multi-valued function < g(t ) > which has components corresponding to those of < f(t ) >.
_PROOF._ We first define a function < b(t ) > as follows: given the set of squares such that each has three corners on < C > and vertex at < t >, < b(t ) > is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between < t > and the < backward > corner points.
a conic, < C >, being a ( 1, 1 ) curve on < Q >, meets the image of any line of **f, which we have already found to be a **f curve on < Q >, in **f points.
a final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations: since no two generators of **f can intersect, it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections.
a general line < l > meets < Q > in two points, **f and **f, through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus, **f, whose lines are simple secants of \g. on these generators let **f and **f be, respectively, the harmonic conjugates of **f and **f with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets \g. the line **f is the image of < l >.
a line through two of these points, **f and **f, will be transformed into the entire bilinear congruence having the tangents to \g at **f and **f as directrices.
as < s > varies from zero to < T >, the values of < s > for which **f and **f < cross > < C > will be denoted by **f and **f respectively.
but if this is the case, then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point, < P >, of \g as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order **f having **f generators concurrent at < P >.
but this is a contradiction, for we know that the multiplicity of < f(t ) > is odd for every < t >.
clearly, the transformation is involutorial.
each generator, |l, of **f is also exceptional, for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on < Q >.
finally, the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines, namely **f and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines, namely **f.
for if it did, the plane of < l > and < l' > would contain two generators of **f, which is impossible.
for the lines of any plane, |p, meeting < Q > in a conic < C >, are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve < C' > into which < C > is transformed in the point involution on < Q >.
hence < C' > is a **f curve on < Q >.
hence its image, < C' >, meets any line of **f in **f points.
hence, thought of as a line in a particular plane |p, any tangent to < Q > has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through < l >.
however, since the pencil contains a secant of \g it actually contains only **f singular lines.
in other words, these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all.
in particular, tangents to < C > are transformed into tangents to < C' >.
it is interesting that a 1:1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils, so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent.
moreover, < C' > obviously meets any line **f in a single point.
moreover, from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of **f, it is clear that the only points of < Q > at which a line can meets its image are the points of \g. hence the totality of singular lines is the < k > th order complex of lines which meet \g. the invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of \g, since each of these meets < Q > in two points which are invariant.
moreover, if **f and **f are two planes intersecting in a line < l >, tangent to < Q > at a point < P >, the two free intersections of the image curves **f and **f must coincide at < P' >, the image of < P >, and at this point **f and **f must have a common tangent < l' >.
no generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible.
now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex, < P >, on \g which is effected by the involution as a whole.
now the only way in which all curves of the image family of **f can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of **f which is not a secant but a tangent of \g, for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency.
now with < P > fixed at **f, **f-values occur when the corner **f crosses < C >, and are among the values of < s > such that **f.
on < C > there is a **f correspondence in which the **f points cut from < C > by a general line, < l >, of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of < l > and the plane of the pencil.
since < C > is rational, this correspondence has < k > coincidences, each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image.
since a ruled surface of order < n > with < n > concurrent generators is necessarily a cone, it follows finally that every line through a point, < P >, of \g meets its image at < P >, as asserted.
since the complex of singular lines is of order < k > and since there is no complex of invariant lines, it follows from the formula **f that the order of the involution is **f.
since two curves of symbol **f on < Q > intersect in **f points, it follows that there are **f lines of **f which are tangent to \g. clearly, any line, < l >, of any bundle having one of these points of tangency, < T >, as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of < l > and < Q > as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of **f which is tangent to \g at < T >.
the class of the congruence is **f, since an arbitrary plane meets \g in < k > points.
the congruence of its secants is therefore of order **f and class **f.
the functions < f > and < b > have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument < t >.
the most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to < Q >, each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to < Q > at the image of the point of tangency of the given line.
the order of this congruence is **f, since **f secants of a curve of symbol ( < a,b > ) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point.
the remaining ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument, and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of [ 0, < T > ].
the roots of this equation are just the ordinates of the intersections of the graph of < b > with a straight line of unit slope through **f in the < b > -plane ( the plane of the graph of < b > ).
then in @2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( a ) It has no complex of invariant lines, and ( b ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve, is necessarily of the type discussed in @1.
there are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique.
there must be an odd number of such components, which will be called complete components.
therefore, the congruence of its secants, that is the image of a general plane field of lines, is of order **f and class **f.
these < s > -values are just the ordinary values of **f.
these are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol **f.
this curve is of symbol **f since it meets |l, and hence every line of **f in the **f invariant points on |l and since it obviously meets every line of **f in a single point.
this is true of all components which have such a bounded support.
thus it follows that the secants of \g are all invariant.
thus pencils of tangents to < Q > are transformed into pencils of tangents.
thus we obtain < g(t ) > by introducing an oblique < g(t ) > -axis in the < b > -plane.
to avoid this contradiction it is necessary that < C > be composite, with the secant of \g and a curve of order **f as components.
to do this we must first show that every line which meets \g in a point < P > meets its image at < P >.
to see this, consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of \G. by ( 1 ), the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order **f which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve, < C >, of order **f.
we again consider a fixed point < P > at **f and a variable point < Q > at **f on < C >.
we define these values as **f, and define < g(t ) > in the same way for each < t >.
we erect a square with < PQ > as a side and with free corners **f and **f adjacent to < P > and < Q > respectively.
we have **f, plus tangent points.
we have shown that the graph of < f > contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval [ 0, < T > ], and whose multiplicity is odd.
we must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the < C > -plane are on opposite sides of < C >.
we observe first that no line, < l >, can meet its image except at one of its intersections with < Q >.
#,: SOME OF THE MAJOR FUNCTIONS OF RELIGION# The place of religion in the simple, preliterate societies is quite definite;
#ACTIVELY MODERNIZING SOCIETIES# At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India, Brazil, the Philippines, and Taiwan, which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth.
#THE TIME FACTOR# We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time.
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition;
American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes.
a number of religions also satisfy for many the need of being linked with the ultimate and eternal.
although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization, they have important indirect consequences.
and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion.
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups.
and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies.
another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism.
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it.
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes, political institutions, and social structure which each society must generate.
but these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital;
by holding out prospects for external capital assistance, the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth.
capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning.
capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward.
convinced of the wisdom of their own actions, and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs, governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort, becoming instead more rigid and inflexible in their policies.
death is not permanent defeat and disappearance;
even the famed Indian Civil Service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has undertaken.
finally, a balance must be effected among project finance, utilization of agricultural surpluses, and general balance of payments support.
for one thing, although considerable numbers of men have been trained, bureaucracies are still deficient in many respects;
foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection.
he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement.
he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows.
he is not greatly frustrated, and he is not anomic;
he is not lost in the abyss of endless time;
if the inner functions of religion are performed, the individual is a composed, ordered, motivated, and emotionally secure associate;
in societies like ours, however, its place is less clear and more complex.
in the last analysis, religion is the means of inducing, formulating, expressing, enhancing, implementing, and perpetuating man's deepest experience- the religious.
it follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon.
it must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark.
it should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies.
lastly, governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead.
man has a second chance.
man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand;
man is first religious;
nevertheless, for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies, though less for the less religious portion, religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions.
nevertheless, impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices.
on the economic front, the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources.
particularly when based upon a single dominant party, governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest.
related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered, dependable universe.
religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence.
several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved.
technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases.
the capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West.
the chief experience is the sensing of communion, and in the higher religions, of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power.
the instrumentalities follow.
the significant things in it, at the higher religious levels, are the inner emotional, mental, and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation, self-pacification, and self-completion.
the universe is a safe and permanent home.
there are also more basic problems.
there are several closely related inner functions.
there remain many political and administrative problems to be solved.
these countries must formulate a comprehensive, long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy.
they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels;
they must continue to satisfy basic capital needs;
they must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years.
this condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy, especially in the context of economic aid.
this is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people.
thus, although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative, and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant, the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange.
we also have, in consequence, the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways.
we have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries;
with the diversity of religious viewpoints, there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion;
with the exception of treaty-making, foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration.
abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents, when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss, abandonment, and annihilation, produced further relief of tension.
almost three decades ago Bertha Reynolds undertook a study of short-contact interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services.
among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group;
and in modern societies such influence is still great.
as Yinger has pointed out, the" **h reliance on symbols, on tradition, on sacred writings, on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values, turns one to the past far more than to the future".
as seen in the B& family, there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem, especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance.
as such it acts as an anchor for the people.
at certain critical stages, and only for sound diagnostic reasons, it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating.
at the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence, it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups.
clearly, this was a family in crisis.
direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs& B&'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation.
finally, whatever the techniques used, a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service: to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities.
follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning.
for example, the Crusades, mission efforts, just wars.
having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework, we now address ourselves to our final question: what place should brief, crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services?
her conclusion has been borne out in the experience of many practitioners:" **h short-contact interviewing is neither a truncated nor a telescoped experience but is of the same essential quality as the so-called intensive case work".
her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday.
here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation.
historically, religion has also functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication, enforcement, sanction, and perpetuation of various other institutions.
in a joint interview Mr& and Mrs& B& were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son 's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins.
in addition, in many cases, a variety of concrete social resources- homemaker, day care, medical and financial aid- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts.
in general, the approach is more active than passive, more out-reaching than reflective.
in so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact.
in steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses, the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support, clarification, and anticipatory guidance.
in the family's own words ( during the third of twelve visits ), they had" reached the crisis peak- either the situation will give or we will break"!
in this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem.
inability to care for the other children, difficulty in feeding the babies, who seemed colicky, bone-weary fatigue, repeated crying episodes, and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation.
it has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values, though also in some measure, an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones.
it might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion, for good or ill, has often supported or been identified with other groupings- political, nationality, language, class, racial, sociability, even economic.
it tends to support the longstanding precious sentiments, the traditional ways of thinking, and the customary ways of living.
mrs& B& compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight, as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying.
much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion.
much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives.
on the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral.
over a relatively short period of time, usually about four to twelve weeks, the worker must be able to shift the focus, back and forth, between immediate external stressful exigencies (" precipitating stress" ) and the key, emotionally relevant issues (" underlying problem" ) which are, often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough, reactivated by the crisis situation, and hence once again amenable to resolution.
overwhelmed with the care of five young children and concerned about persistent economic difficulties due to her husband's marginal income, her defense of denial was excessively strong.
religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now.
religion provides the most attractive rewards, either in this world or the next, for those who not merely abide by its norms, but who engage in good works.
religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control, enforcing what men should or should not do.
religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function.
simultaneously, a variety of environmental supports- a calm but not too motherly homemaker, referral for temporary economic aid, intelligent use of nursing care, accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins' feeding problem- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms.
soon Mrs& B&'s fears threatened to burst into a full-blown panic concerning the welfare of the entire family.
the father, accurately perceiving the child's needs, not only respected them as worthy of his attention, but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins, saying," I have a big lap;
the great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force, mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices;
the initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense.
the insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects.
the lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety, often assuming the superficial guise of" not knowing" or" not caring".
the result, dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family 's disrupted daily functioning, was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin, whose birth had not been anticipated.
the unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference.
then, too, the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits, single and group office interviews, and appropriate telephone follow-up calls, if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention.
there is a marked tendency for religions, once firmly established, to resist change, not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices, but also in secular affairs having religious relevance.
there is room for you, too, Johnnie".
these needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension.
this problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself.
though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques, they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments.
thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem.
thus, casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended.
thus, the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf.
to establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately, preferably within the first interview, by meeting the client's specific needs.
we are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression, unhealthy suppression and repression, excessive use of denial, and crippling guilt turned against the self.
we should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values, locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top, instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum, each important in its own right.
while expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ), techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives.
while some regression is inevitable, it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy.
while some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy, the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used, what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated, and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed.
" increased boundary maintenance may be achieved, for example, by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern **h" The external pattern or external system can be considered as" group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment **h" Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social, as is the preference for endogamy.
#MASTER PROCESSES# Of particular utility in the analysis of the development, persistence, and change of social systems has been the use of the master or comprehensive processes.
1.
Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm.
_BOUNDARY MAINTENANCE:_" Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group" is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization.
_SOCIAL CONTROL:_ The process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior, as well as the group's behavior.
_SOCIALIZATION:_ There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society.
_SYSTEMIC LINKAGE:_ Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group, systemic linkage is defined" as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit.
a more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are, in general, less segregated locally than group members in rural areas.
a royal decree issued in 1910, two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo, prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms.
a unified set of regulations, applicable to all areas, was issued in 1929, and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time.
adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation.
additional entries must be made from time to time.
although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural," there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities **h urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group.
as mentioned above, where families are concentrated in larger numbers, group controls seem strongest and most effective.
as the threat of encroachment on the system increases, the" probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases".
boundary maintenance 3.
but specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors.
by means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates, inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained.
by means of this social control, deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group.
by their pattern of endogamy and exogamy, the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain.
communication 2.
communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community.
confused and divided though this tradition may be, it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group, and acts as a means of socialization, particularly for members of the rural community.
different cards are used for males and females, and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults, and of children when they reach puberty.
each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned, including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ), spouses, and children.
examples from this population indicate that deviance seems to be sanctioned by ostracism from the group.
further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919.
general responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs, Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d' Oeuvre ( AIMO, **f Direction, **f Direction Generale, Gouvernement Generale ).
group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent, and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions.
however, the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation.
in 1922 a continuous registration of the whole indigenous population was instituted by ordinance of the Governor-General, and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered.
in order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension, the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection, and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls.
in such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous, resulting in a change of values and almost necessarily, in mate selection behavior.
in the urban area, in other words, they, unlike some urban ethnic groups, do not concentrate in ghetto colonies.
in this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the Brandywine population and the white and Negro populations within the same general locality, the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the Brandywine population.
in turn, higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population, allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity.
institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems, two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis: _COMMUNICATION:_ In discussing the process of communication, Loomis defines it as" the process by which information, decisions, and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge, opinions, and attitudes are formed, or modified by interaction".
integration" has to do with the inter-relation of parts".
intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community, as in the case of this population.
it is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy, particularly in rural areas.
it is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation.
it is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered.
since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration, the higher the morale and solidarity, the better the system can solve the problems of the system.
so a quick count could be made at any time, even by an illiterate clerk, of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes.
social control 6.
socialization 5.
systemic linkage 4.
the cards, filed by < circonscription > ( sub-chiefdom, or village ), are kept in the headquarters of each < territoire > ( chiefdom ).
the district officials, along with their other duties, were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics.
the fact of Indian ancestry and" free" status during the days of slavery, are important distinctions made by members of the group.
the fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function, though a latent one, of the process of maintaining the boundary.
the four functional problems of a social system are, to some extent, solved by the subsystems within this population.
the population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.
the problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values.
the process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems, and the characteristic interaction is maintained.
the regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female, adult or child ) on a separate card ( < fiche > ).
the values placed by the Brandywine population, upon maintaining a certain homogeneity, a certain separate racial identity, and therefore a certain separate social status, are important for the morale of the system.
the whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
this conclusion is, however, an over-simplification.
this provides the necessary contact with the larger society, while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts.
to maintain their intermediate position in the larger society, it is not only necessary that members of this population be" visible", but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate, distinct grouping or system in society.
to the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation, to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy".
tribal authorities, the chiefs and their secretaries, were held responsible for maintaining the registers of indigenous persons within their territories, under the general supervision of district officials.
1 ) The regular sections do not allow freshmen;
2 ) Auditors were encouraged.
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past.
a few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students.
a steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and < pace > the class was taking.
after that, we began to get" visitors" to class.
all of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course.
as one of them expressed it," It has done me a world of good to listen to the nai^ve questions and comments of these not-yet-married people.
besides, auditors do not count on faculty load with the same weight as regularly enrolled students.
but few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different < in > marriage than in a pre-marital situation.
but in this one section we welcomed auditors.
but only those already married could enroll in this one section.
but the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction.
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent.
but within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible.
by permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it.
even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there, they contain precise information on ages, by date of birth, for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others.
finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values.
for no particular reason, other than that the writer felt it might- just might- encourage both mates to be in attendance.
furthermore, it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources, on such subjects as fertility, mortality, and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction.
had I been in an all-married section I would have missed this, and I believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me".
he < did > build a framework of academic" respectability", and one which did not encroach upon the" sacred sovereignty" of any other existing campus course.
he found, as he had suspected, a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students.
he made it clear from the beginning that this was the students' opportunity, and that the future destiny of such groups depended on favorable results from this one.
however, all admitted that the" hind sight" was not altogether lost.
in addition, two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted.
in fact, they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section < exclusively > for married students there should be, at the beginning, some" hind sight" study;
in the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged.
in their own words, it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages, and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time.
incidentally, it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week, until at last it swelled to such proportions that this" free" auditing policy had to be retracted.
it also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ).
it is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960, so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously.
it is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals.
it is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years, though the value of these estimates is open to question.
it provides a frame for the sampling census.
it ranged from a freshman woman, just married, through the various academic growth stages, including one senior-graduate student, to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended.
it ranged from those with no children, through students in various stages of pregnancy, to one 44-year-old male with four children, three of whom were teenagers.
it ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive.
it supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations.
many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum, especially in the various engineering fields, with few electives till the senior year.
many of them appear to drop out, for one reason or another.
one might digress at this point and speculate that if it is" wise" to create special sections for special status, then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage, and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children, and so on.
other reports in identical form, but with somewhat varying content, have been issued for: @.
reports already issued on the sampling census, 1955-57, in various areas run as follows ( using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles ): @.
some of these speculations may have some merit, others are somewhat ambiguous.
the first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period, 1955-57;
the philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively.
the quality of the census data can, therefore, be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries.
the results were still being processed in 1959.
the writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place.
these area reports will be followed, according to present plans, by a summary report, which will include a detailed statement on methods.
this action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores.
this comment and others similar to it, would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo.
this did not mean that married students could not enroll in other" mixed" sections, and some of them, largely because of scheduling difficulties, did.
this experimental class represented quite a variety of students.
this has subsequently been verified by the experience.
this is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods, nor a course in how to raise children.
this one did.
this report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables.
thus, the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married- that is, prerequisite:" marriage".
toward the end of the semester's work, he interviewed every married class member at great length.
we already have courses covering those problems, and so on.
why?
with this evidence in mind, the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes.
I thought it was n't supposed to".
_ANISEIKONIC ILLUSION_ The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world.
a differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their nai^ve Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion.
a more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax, since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as" normal".
a suggestion hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of" normal" reactions different from those which they gave.
after two drinks containing alcohol, her arm flew upward very freely.
alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject ( the only one with whom this technique was tried ).
among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred.
another said that her arm did not go up at first" because I would n't let it;
at no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant.
autosuggestibility, the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i&e&, that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction, because of his knowledge that" to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction" ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons: ( 1 ) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose, and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening ( e&g&, of becoming dizzy and maybe falling, an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ).
but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with arm-levitation.
five subjects ( 12% ) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm, what that something was, and also were given a demonstration.
four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not.
however, she was able to relax and yield to the moment.
in contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects, the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity.
in no way, either verbally or behaviorally, did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction.
instructions to relax, i&e&, to be" spontaneous", and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have, was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given.
it is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below.
it is our hypothesis that Kohnstamm-positive subjects are less hesitant about relinquishing control than are Kohnstamm-negative subjects;
it might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong;
many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it.
moreover, when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed, the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation.
one Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the nai^ve condition described her subjective experience as follows:" you feel they' re going up and you 're on a stage and it 's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what 's supposed to happen".
one subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax.
one subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen )," Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before"?
she ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls.
she described herself as having the same kind of" irresponsible" feeling as she had once experienced under hypnosis.
she explained nonreactivity of others by saying that they were" not letting themselves relax".
she had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial, but had consciously prevented it from so doing.
she then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control.
some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily.
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors.
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as" threatening" until they are tested and proved otherwise.
the Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control.
the above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects;
the change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects, after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions, suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations.
the nai^ve state, Condition 1,, could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study.
the positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1, ( the nai^ve state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ).
the subjects were only given information about < other possibilities of" normal" reaction >.
there was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline.
there was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement.
there was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of levitation.
there were 24% ( 10 subjects ) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction.
these subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried.
these suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had.
they continued to give an arm-elevation.
they explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors.
they felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction.
they felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level.
they knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the aniseikonic lenses.
they were able to experience at first, in terms of past conventionality.
they were not free to be themselves in this situation, an interpersonal one, where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior.
this information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it.
this occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill.
this subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the nai^ve state but not in the first.
this subject, who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years, did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober.
those who responded with an arm-elevation in the nai^ve state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion.
thus, this readiness to relax controls, evidenced in the Kohnstamm situation, appears to be a more general personality factor.
when informed as to the various possibilities of normal reactions, they were then able to experience the uniqueness of the present.
when informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up, she commented," I do n't see how they can prevent it".
while other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity, it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior.
while they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had, they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had.
yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be.
Sarason < et al > & present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test-like situation, and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher.
_ANALYSIS_ Analysis means the evaluation of subparts, the comparative ratings of parts, the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements.
_ANALYSIS_ In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area, since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning.
_EVALUATION_ The president of a small firm selling restaurant products, had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business.
_EXAMPLES_ Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis.
_IMPERSONAL PURPOSES_ Up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals.
_TEST OF INTERACTION OF ANXIETY AND TEACHING METHODS_ The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4.
according to the theory proposed, this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment.
after each presentation, the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen;
all applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist.
although the present study was not a direct replication of their investigations, the results do not confirm their conclusion.
an engineer had been made the works manager of a firm, supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful.
analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts.
and so did the observers consisting of the president, three of his salesmen and a psychologist.
another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work.
apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked.
as predicted, the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly ( **f ) than those in the structured schools.
as shown earlier, the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements.
at the end of work one day, the personnel man took the applicants one at a time, asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes.
but the symbols he is asked to learn are simple.
by the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading, he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words.
each girl was independently" tested" by the personnel man, and he served not only as the director, but as the antagonist and the observer.
each person was to enter the testing room, carrying a suitcase of samples.
each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product.
each was told to purchase material if he felt like it.
failure confirms the threat, and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult, so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced.
figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group.
for example: a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying.
from the point of view of the applicants, less time was wasted in being evaluated- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances.
however, he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position.
in place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires, checking their references, interviewing them, asking them to be tried out, he told them he would prefer to test them.
in the testing room he was to make, successively, three presentations to three different people.
in the testing room, three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists.
interviewing, checking references, training the salesmen, having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive- and the rate of attrition due to resignations or unsatisfactory performance was too high.
it is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores ( although not significantly lower ).
it was his experience that only one good salesman was found out of every seven hired- and only one was hired out of every seven interviewed.
observers, in the two school systems studied here, judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding, while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting.
one handled the salesman in a friendly manner, another in a rough manner, and the third in a hesitating manner.
one should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas.
our conjecture is, then, that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught, the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work.
possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure.
roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose: to evaluate procedures, regardless of individuals.
roleplaying was offered as a solution- and the procedure worked as follows: all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room, where the president explained the difficulty he had, and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out.
she was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day.
some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure.
somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl, whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time, did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist, showing wit, sparkle, and aplomb.
success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved.
ten salesmen were tested in the morning and ten more in the afternoon.
the antagonists came in, one at a time, and did not see or hear the other presentations.
the batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three.
the child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement, but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols, the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem.
the engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm, was well trained, was considered a hard worker, was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a" comer".
the fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit.
the individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination.
the interaction effect, which is significant at the .01 level, can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores.
the most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools.
the position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions.
the president of the firm, calculating expenses alone, felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent.
the reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested" at work" in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different, but typical restaurant owners and managers.
they were, in a sense," tried out" in realistic situations.
this procedure was repeated one day a month for four months.
when helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation, then, and only then, does such a child attain unusual success.
while high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( **f ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children, they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom.
yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school, and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting.
#4.
, the patient replied," Both, Dearie- two in one".
Burnham, in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication, includes mention of similar clinical material.
CONDENSATION:# Here a variety of meanings and emotions are concentrated, or reduced, in their communicative expression, to some comparatively simple-seeming verbal or nonverbal statement.
Freeman, Cameron and McGhie, in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients, say, in regard to condensation, that" **h the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment, and the objects contained therein **h in itself is the prototypical condensation".
I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this;
I have found, time and again, that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests, in the final analysis, on this basis;
I realized, now, that she had been showing me, in what impressed me as being a very accurate way, something her mother had once said to her;
_2._ < occurrence > - an instance of a form in text.
a borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding, in a most articulate fashion, during session after session with me, were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him;
a hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist.
a random-storage scheme, based on the spelling of forms, provides an economical way to compile this text-form list.
a significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized, especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian.
a somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine, who used to often seclude herself in her room, often sounded through the closed door- as I would find on passing by, between our sessions- for all the world like two persons, a scolding mother and a defensive child.
again, I at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication, and I quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak, with such utter conviction, of an opinion held by my father, now several years deceased.
and only when I can acknowledge this, to myself, as being indeed an aspect of my personality, does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior.
and when I replied in this spirit, she corroborated my hunch.
and which, more often than all these, conveys a < welter > of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words, words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another.
another patient, a paranoid woman, for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building, as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met.
as I have been intimating, in the schizophrenic- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic;
as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung, high in the air, from a docked steamship.
at another phase in the therapy, when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene, she muttered in a low but intense voice, to herself," I hate that woman inside me"!
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me, looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone," Your father despises you"!
but first, we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood: _1._ < form > - any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space.
but it is true that the therapist can sense, when he hears this stereotype, that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it, a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another.
dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked.
earlier, this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times, when she was in her room alone, it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room, as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice.
eventually it became clear to me, partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly, that this man, with his condescending," You 're welcome", was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor, over these months, on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note, each time, that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow.
for English the reduction in size is less striking.
for example, one hebephrenic man used to annoy me, month after month, by saying, whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day, or whenever," You 're welcome", in a notably condescending fashion- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him, and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful," thank you" to him at the end of each session.
his subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one.
implementation of the latter requires storage of information needed only for synthesis.
in my experience, a great many of the patient 's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience.
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch, or the passage of flatus, not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze, but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which, from time to time, quite different things are being said, long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these, as distinct feelings and concepts, to say them in words.
it is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient, the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients, shows, as one of his characteristic symptoms, laughter- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated, which now makes one feel like weeping, or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair;
it then occurred to me to ask," Is that what that woman told you"?
it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her.
more than anything, it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed, something like a spread-out deck of cards, on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together.
of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression, that which seems best to give release, and communicational expression, to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter.
of such hidden meanings the patient himself is, more often than not, entirely unaware.
one cannot assume, of course, that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy, or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered;
one finds, for example, that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression, seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention, reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings, and the most unconventional of meanings.
one hebephrenic women confided to me," I live in a world of words", as if, to her, words were fully concrete objects;
or an" I want to go home", or whatever- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself, gradually, as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning.
or, equally often, a concretistic-seeming, particularistic-seeming statement may consist, with its mundane exterior, in a form of poetry- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression: a metaphor, a smile, an allegory, or some other symbolic mode of speaking.
particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist, some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware, and the recognition of which, as a part of himself, he finds distinctly unwelcome.
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved, stereotyped mode of expression- and no, or but a few, other communicational grooves, as yet- being < there >, available for the patient's use, as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months.
recently, for example, a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing, in the session, about the intrusive curiosity which has become, in her opinion, a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture, developed itself, before the end of the session, into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast, as indeed I was.
she clearly agreed that this had been the case.
she looked confused at this, and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make.
sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype- a" How are you now"?
the logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file.
the many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes, stems, suffixes, etc&.
then I replied, coldly," If you despise me, why do n't you say so, directly"?
this approach requires that: ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries, and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word.
this behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between, on the one hand, her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking, or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others, and on the other hand, my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections, bringing my big easy chair with me, usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state, and plunking myself down in my chair- in short, behaving as if I owned her room.
this is a question which I have no wish to take up- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are, at an unconscious level, well sorted out, but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which, even in the unconscious, have yet to become well differentiated from one another.
thus he may be referring to some concrete thing, or incident, in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding, hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene.
to a much less full extent, the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function;
we accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer.
we propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text.
we suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem.
what had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now, despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me, sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like.
when the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him," What is that, Bill- hello or farewell"?
" a charge to keep I have, A God to glorify".
( here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it.
( indeed, the set of endings can be replaced by the < name > of a set of endings.
) the full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list.
) two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form.
) when the complete file has been read, the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region;
> but when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious, there is normally only light stress or no stress at all.
> dominant stress will generally be on the subject < a linguist >;
> is < Bill 's broken a chair >, dominant stress will usually be on the complement < a chair >.
> is < George put the cat out >, dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement, < the cat >, not the second complement < out >.
> is < George reads the news emotionally >, dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct < emotionally >.
> it will generally be on the complement < a linguist >.
> the personal pronoun has dominant stress because" he" has not been mentioned previously.
> they are likely to lose dominant stress.
adverbial second complements, however, are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences.
an extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatic description of each form.
applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification, we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once.
but dominant stress will be assigned to < broken > only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence.
but if George has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ), what is said is probably < I 'll go with him >, and dominant stress is probably on the preposition < with >.
but the parallel is significant.
context is of extreme importance.
dominant stress is of course more than extended duration, and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone: a dominant stress given to < glorify > would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last.
dominant stress is on < her luggage > both in < that's her luggage >, where < her luggage > is the complement, and in < there's her luggage >, where it is the subject.
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased.
equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context.
final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress.
for example, the inflected forms of a word can be represented, insofar as regular inflection allows, by a stem and a set of endings to be attached.
from the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator < has broken >, and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking;
hence, the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence.
if < women > replaced < people >, it would normally have dominant stress.
if all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary, a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible.
if both George and a piece of information George does not have are prominent in the context, but the idea of telling George is new, then dominant stress will probably be on < tell > in < why not tell George?
if the answer to < what was that noise?
if the answer to < what was that noise?
in < I 'll go with George > dominant stress is probably on < George >;
in < I have things to do > the word < things > makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than < do >.
in < I know one thing > dominant stress will usually be on the complement < one thing >;
in < one thing I know > it will usually be on the predicator < know >.
in < small-town people are very friendly > dominant stress will generally be on the complement < very friendly >;
in < there are n't many young people in the neighborhood > the modifier < young > takes dominant stress away from its head < people >: the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious.
in < what 's a linguist?
in < who 's a linguist?
in sentences, patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here.
in the double sentence < the smaller the town, the friendlier the people > it will generally be on the subjects < the town > and < the people >.
in the tune to which this hymn is most often sung," Boylston", the syllables < have > and < fy >, ending their lines, have twice the time any other syllables have.
similarly, if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary, the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form.
the dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such summarization or designed around it.
the former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage.
the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents.
the latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word, hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents.
the only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms.
the personal pronouns and substitute < one > are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context.
the tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end.
there is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in long-known hymn tunes.
this leaves the ordering of entries variable.
thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new, dominant stress will probably be on < here > in < it rarely snows here >, but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow, dominant stress will probably be on < snows >.
thus the first lines of one of Charles Wesley's hymns are as follows.
thus the unstressed < it > of < it rarely snows here > gets its significance from its use with < snows >: nothing can snow snow but" it".
thus, one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form.
what is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not.
when a gesture accompanies < who 's he?
when irregularity and variation prevent summarizing, information is written in complete detail.
when prepositional complements are divided as in < what are you looking for?
when the answer to < what's wrong now?
Welmers has suggested one explanation.
a phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics, but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics.
a second explanation is suggested by the material described in Rowlands' paper.
a third explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone.
actual practice does not often work out this way.
actually, none of these papers says much directly about field techniques.
analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple.
and the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base, the less easily a phonemic system will be analysed without close attention to the morphophonemics- at least, the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to grammatically meaningful structures.
apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical abstrusenesses of possible pedantic interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs.
as these maladies overlap, so must the cure.
but in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude.
but it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics.
but no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages.
consonantal systems are not merely larger, they are multidimensional.
for example, duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation.
good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work, but also help them overcome negative attitudes.
however, any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone, or in developing a realistic attitude about tone, but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded.
if, as I suspect, the problem is largely of the second sort, then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems.
in many of the syllables, intonation can be safely ignored, and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation.
in some ( the Ewe type mentioned above ) interaction of tone and intonation is restricted to the ends of intonation spans.
in the" typical tone language", tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics.
morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system.
most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies.
neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other.
of course, something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology: consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual component.
often, therefore, there are a number of rules having the same effect, and commonly other sets of rules as well, having the opposite effect.
one issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems.
other pairs of phonologic subsystems also interact or overlap in this way;
phonemes connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of phonetic similarity, possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system.
pitch differences from one speaker to another, or from one emotional state to another, may far exceed the small differences between tones.
since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems, we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis.
smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly.
some phonetic features, for example glottal catch or murmur, are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems.
still, even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect.
the design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves.
the difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size- smaller systems are more troublesome- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity.
the great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types: those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed, those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally, those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs, those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis, those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter.
the inventory of tones is much smaller, and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension, pitch level.
the phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems, however, are very different.
the possibilities are few, and the total number of rules may be considerably greater.
the possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous, and only a small portion of them are actually used.
the problem is to disentangle the linguistic features of pitch from the co-occurring nonlinguistic features.
the result has been neglect, fumbling efforts, or superficial treatment.
the result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ', which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages.
the second need is better field techniques.
the statement of the system is a different matter.
the third need is for better theory.
there has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance.
there we see a basically simple phonemic system enmeshed in a very complex and puzzling morphophonemic system.
these things have been disseminated by other means, but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results.
they will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures.
this can only be for one of two reasons: either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ), or our existing theories are insufficiently general.
this explanation of tone difficulties, however, does not apply in all languages.
this hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis, as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems.
this may both divert the attention of the uninitiate and cause confusion for the more knowledgeable.
this seems naive.
tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics, even when the total number of rules is no greater.
tonal morphophonemics, in a common case, can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone.
tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed.
tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in nonlinguistic use.
tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest, and often analytically more difficult than much larger consonantal systems.
we should expect that general phonologic theory should be as adequate for tone as for consonants and vowels, but it has not been.
while the phonemes can be very easily stated, no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units, i&e& until the morphophonemics is worked out, or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success.
with tone, individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them.
#6.# In 1960, David D& Thomas published Basic Vocabulary in some Mon-Khmer Languages AL 2, no& 3, pp& 7-11 ), which compares 8 Mon-Khmer languages with the I-E language data on which Swadesh based the revised retention rate ( **f ) in place of original ( **f ), and his revised 100 word basic glottochronological list in Towards Greater Accuracy **h ( IJAL 21:121-137 ).
#7.# These findings, and others which will in time be developed, will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry.
#8.# There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast.
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication, in which, in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ', I set off by asterisks those forms in which < n > of stem B was **f of stem A, the unasterisked ones standing for **f;
I would propose, first, an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list, as intrinsically unachievable, and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved.
I would propose, next, as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists, items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible.
Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence, which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning, but their relative frequency.
Thomas' findings are, first," that the individual items vary greatly and unpredictably in their persistence";
an attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected.
an elephant or a fox or a swan or a cocopalm or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious, common-sense, indubitable IDENTITY, as do an eye or tooth or nail.
and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area.
and he has proclaimed greater or less affiliation between all Western hemisphere languages.
and irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting, calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones.
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities.
and why that insistence?
as to relative frequencies of competing roots ( 7-1 vs& 4-4, etc& ), Thomas with his ' weighting ' seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have.
but consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with diachronic and classificatory relevance;
but he has not worked out by lexicostatistics one comprehensively complete classification of even a single family other than Salish.
but it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare.
but the farther out he moves, the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence, and the larger the speculative component in his inferences.
but the nearer it comes to attaining universality, the less significant will it be linguistically.
but there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics: the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive external links;
but, second," that the semantic groups are surprisingly unvarying in their average persistence" ( as between M-K and I-E. his first conclusion, on behavior of individual items, is negative, whereas mine ( on Ath& and Yok& ) was partially positive.
doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies.
had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items, his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller.
he has announced results on Hokan, Penutian, Uto-Aztecan, and almost all other American families and phyla, and has diagrammed their degree of interrelation;
he has traversed provinces and kingdoms, but he has not consolidated them behind him, nor does he control them.
his formula will have to be weighed, may be altered or improved, and it should be tested on additional bodies of material.
his second conclusion, on semantic word classes, agrees with mine.
if adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems, as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world, why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms, but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly?
if it were wholly random and unrelated, it would be 2.0, assuming the five classes were equal in < n >, which approximately they are.
if of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding, and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding, that is no reason why we should swerve.
if the distribution of the 71 items were wholly concordant in the two families, the distance would of course be 0.
in proportion as meanings are concrete, we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive.
it is evident that Swadesh has not only had much experience with basic vocabulary in many languages but has acquired great tact and feeling for the expectable behavior of lexical items.
it is the hope of attaining a list of items of UNIVERSAL occurrence.
it is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible.
it seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble, solid, and limited basis.
it was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany, with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies, and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other.
its terms will tend to be labile or vague, and they will fit actual languages more and more badly.
not that such a list cannot be constructed;
of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan, in Yokuts, in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them.
of classification first, with elapsed age merely a by-product;
or under ' Four Stems ', I set off by asterisks cases where the combined < n > of stems **f was **f.
some of this may prove to be true, or even considerable of it, whether by genetic ramification or by diffusion and coalescence.
stem frequencies 4 and 4, 64%;
stem frequencies 4, 3, and 1, 57%.
stem frequencies 7 and 1, 86%;
that is his privilege.
the actual mean of 1.07 being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and 2.0 of no correlation, it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular INDIVIDUAL items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement.
the most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as definable as possible.
the practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison.
the problem needs further exploration.
the remote, cloudy, possible has values of its own- values of scope, stimulus, potential, and imagination.
there would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable.
they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material, and they eventuate also in five classes, along a similar scale, containing approximately equal numbers of cases, namely 19, 14, 15, 11, 12 in Athabascan.
they isolate out easily, naturally, and unambiguously from the continuum of nature and existence;
this involves step-by-step progress, and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry.
this second conclusion, independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are, cannot be ignored.
thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning is: stem identical in 8 languages, 100%;
when now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade, or one column or grade apart, or two or three or four, we find these differences: **f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart: **f;
which, divided by **f gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart.
why then this urge to include unstable items in his basic list?
with the universal list as his weapon, Swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past, eight, ten, twelve millennia back.
King Muhammad 5, was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day, 1957.
_a NEW BALANCE OF POWER._ While the Cold War raged it was easy to blame it all on Yalta.
a third aspect, and probably the one open to most controversy, is the results of the election.
all political interests supported electoral planning, although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some procrastination.
although the elections were for local officials, it was not necessary to conduct the elections so as to prevent parties from publicly identifying their candidates.
although the government was probably prepared for elections by mid-1958, the first decision was no doubt made more difficult as party strife multiplied.
an analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts.
as the more conservative group with strong backing from wealthy businessmen, the U&M&C&I&A& was generally favored against the more progressive, labor-based U&N&F&P& The newer party campaigned heavily, while the older, more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years.
at the central level the < scrutin uninominal > voting system was selected over some form of the < scrutin de liste > system, even though the latter had been recommended by Duverger and favored by all political parties.
both parties and the Ministry of the Interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and, thereby, give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance.
but the eagerly sought" homogeneity" of the Balafrej Council of Government was never achieved as the Istiqlal quarreled over foreign policy, labor politics and economic development.
by December, 1958, when ' Abdallah Ibrahim became President of the Council, elections had even greater importance.
by this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete.
considerable technical skill was used and the administration of the elections was generally above reproach.
despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue.
elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence.
failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties, President Truman re-declared the Cold War on March 12, 1947, in the Truman Doctrine, exactly one week after the < Herald Tribune > editorial was written, and a year after the Cold War had been announced by Churchill at Fulton, Missouri, in Truman's presence.
first is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation, planning and discussion.
from the rather tortuous history of electoral planning in Morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results.
from the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics, precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government.
here is the best short explanation of the origins of the Cold War that has been written.
however, the regionally differentiated results, which appear below in tables, are interesting evidence of the problems of developing self-government under even the most favorable circumstances.
in January, 1958, the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King, the rumors of election dates appeared once again, first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer.
in late 1957 the M&P& ( < Mouvement Populaire > ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under Balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party.
in the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence, but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent.
in the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of resolving fundamental, and sometimes bitter, differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance.
interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections, which took place three weeks before national elections.
lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide, minority parties, such as the P&D&I& in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958, clamor for elections when out of power, but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power.
neither our military, our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough" to determine the fate of East Europe.
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2,- Communist control of East Europe and China.
preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes.
since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to maximize party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation.
since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957, this goal appears somewhat ambitious.
the Ifni crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections, but French consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time.
the Istiqlal sponsored U&M&C&I&A& ( < L' Union Marocaine des Commercants, Industrialistes et Artisans > ) was opposed by candidates of the new U&N&F&P& ( < L' Union National des Forces Populaires > ) in nearly all urban centers.
the Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957, but the P&D&I& ( < Parti Democratique de l' Independance > ), the most important minor party at the time, objected to the Istiqlal's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc.
the choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country, but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections.
the concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering, but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections.
the day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that" **h the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists, lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself **h" would be supported by the King himself.
the electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation, but all vitally interested parties, including the government itself, were busily engaged in determining the party identifications of all successful candidates the month following the elections.
the fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics.
the general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization.
the local Istiqlal and U&M&C&I&A& offices did not campaign and lost heavily.
the parties were on the whole unprepared for elections, while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after effects of poor harvests in 1957.
the second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration, nomination and voting.
the tendency to treat elections as an instrument of self-interest rather than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in Morocco.
the value of the elections was lost, both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest, as shown in Table 1,.
then China promptly went Communist, and Mr& Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did" reach in Asia".
then the editorial added prophetically:" how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined, but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences".
there followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957, in which it appears that the Minister of the Interior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic.
there remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions.
there were rumors that the Ministry of the Interior favored an arbitrary," non-political" process, which were indirectly affirmed when the King personally intervened in the planned meetings.
they figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May, 1958, which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held.
they were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural communes as the focus of a new, constructive national effort.
they were stressed in the speeches of Si Mubarak Bekkai when the first Council of Ministers was formed and again when the Istiqlal took a leading role in the second Council.
those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process.
to minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed < a titre personnel > and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections.
until the Charter of Liberties was issued in the fall of 1958, there were no guarantees of the right to assemble or to organize for political purposes.
we expected, in short, that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple, from such a position, to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union".
when the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone.
with multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly.
years of war, strain, and hatred;
yet actually" the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world.
yet, in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference, Forrest Pogue could find no basis for Yalta becoming" a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation".
_LOCAL FOCUS OF PROGRAMS_ The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands.
_PROPOSALS_ State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities.
_RELATION TO NEW INDUSTRY_ Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry.
a few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager, or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere.
a further possibility is suggested by the example of the G& I& bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education: that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate.
a maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home.
a program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor.
a prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees.
a related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided.
a training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards, and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community.
additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities, staff and program are in being.
after all, too much does not happen too suddenly, nor does very little take long.
again, one major difficulty is the local focus.
all the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a < local > survey of skill needs, of estimating the growth of < local > jobs, and of consulting with < local > employers on the types of courses and their content.
an extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken.
and then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration give us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline.
another problem is who will pay for the training.
but briefly, the topping configuration must be examined for its inferences.
but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend, and evening extension courses also may be conducted.
but there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense.
by 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states.
elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills.
even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it.
experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply, and in fine, these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events.
few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry.
furthermore, there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys.
his aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training.
however, if Federal funds are used, it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment.
however, there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training.
if only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education, it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states.
if there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere, many more workers can be expected to respond.
instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas, the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training.
local jobs can be seen and counted, while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical.
local school districts are hard pressed financially and unenthusiastic about vocational training.
moreover, the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary.
much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states.
no effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained.
only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs.
personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual.
planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers.
programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it.
state governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools, but their focus is still on area job opportunities.
such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries, where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located.
such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities.
the Title 8, program of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools.
the U& S& Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys.
the advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting, bar charting and point and figure charting, remain the subject of fairly good natured litigation among their respective professional advocates, with both methods enjoying in common, one irrevocable merit.
the existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled.
the major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators.
the opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an < ad hoc > flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that my be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant.
the very idea of their being" count rules" implies that there is some sort of proportion to be expected between the amount of congestive activity and the extent of the breakaway ( run up or run down ) movement.
then the fact that the lower channel line was pierced had further forecasting significance.
there is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs.
there is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs, even though they must pay tuition, receive no subsistence payments, and are not guaranteed a job.
there simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable.
they are both trend-following methods.
they were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas.
this expectation is what really" sold" point and figure.
this probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition, but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps.
this procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment.
this weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas, for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country.
this would heighten possibilities for part-time cooperative, on-the-job and extension training.
thus, besides the training provided to youth in school, the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts.
while the U& S& Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements, there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning.
#CHAPTER 6, MORE METHODS# _THE HOAXES_ The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use, so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow, and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead.
#FIVE BASIC FORCES# This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties, as follows: _(1)_ Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us, and probably intensify, for the foreseeable future.
#OPEN MARKET POLICY# One of the most intriguing questions is whether the recent departures of the Federal Reserve authorities from confining their open market operations to Treasury bills will spread into longer-term Government securities in the next few months.
#SLIGHT DOWNWARD PRESSURE# What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961?
IN assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961, the question, as always, is the prospect for general business activity.
_(2)_ During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations, which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building.
_(3)_ With the expansion of family formation in the Sixties, a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated.
according to the latest projections of the Bureau of the Census, the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years.
accordingly, the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties.
although the pause in the advance of general business activity this year has thus far been quite modest, it is hard to escape the conclusion that the softening process will continue into the first quarter of 1961 and possibly somewhat longer.
and the few must win what the many lose, for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all, and is, in fact, unimaginable.
anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses.
at this time, however, there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction.
by and large, what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates.
by the end of the spring of 1961, assuming that a general business recovery gets under way, interest rates should begin to edge upward again, depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability.
certainly a further reduction in the discount rate would be a strong possibility, as well as an easier reserve position for the banking system.
diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices, if there is to persist a market at all.
during much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a record-high plateau, but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy.
during the Seventies the projections show a more pronounced rise to an annual rate of 1,338,000 in the second half of that decade.
however, as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present, as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters, the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high, so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great.
however, the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated.
however, the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold, as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy, which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle.
however, to the extent that the monetary authorities, in their effort to ease credit in the next several months, conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds, they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces.
if the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here, we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit.
if you got too many people investing by this method, their operations would begin to affect stock prices, and thus throw the charts off.
in earlier business cycles, when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain.
in the final analysis, then, the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance, notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation, however elaborate.
it has to, by virtue of the very dictionary definition of the word" few".
it is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust.
it is pertinent to ask the question: has the long upswing of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course, and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and Federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates?
it quite often happens that campaigns go askew, resulting in a most unflattering deterioration of strong hands into played-out hands, just as a member of a former campaign's" public" may emerge flatteringly" right" the next time.
it seems likely, moreover, that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions, interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year, although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate, e&g&, easier downpayment and amortization terms.
it suggests that during the next several months, through the spring of 1961, the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower, especially the rates on Federal, state, and local bonds, as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds.
membership in the echelons fluctuates too.
moreover, it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country, to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs, will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education, housing, medical aid, and the like.
moreover, the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal, monetary, and other Federal policies which affect interest rates.
mr& Alexander H& Wheelan's Study Helps in Point and Figure Technique tells the readers-" We assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets".
mr& John Magee, whose work has been discussed in this chapter, was quoted in a New Yorker magazine profile as saying-" **h Of course, you have to remember it 's a good thing for us chartists that there are n't more of us.
my answer is in the negative because I believe that total capital demands during the Sixties will continue to press against available supplies, and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels.
my guess would be that interest rates will decline moderately into the spring of 1961 and during the second half of the year will turn up gradually to recover the ground lost during the downturn.
nevertheless, all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression, if they lead to a market committment at all.
nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year for analysts of general business activity.
on the other hand, in a more favorable vein, general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising Federal spending, and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course.
our efforts to overcome the lead of the Russians in space are bound to mean accelerated Federal spending.
the 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board, which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans.
the average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from April 1947 to March 1950.
the method would become self-defeating".
the pattern of general business activity which probably lies ahead of us is a further moderate softening through the spring of 1961 before a new rise in economic activity gets under way.
the principle of" bills only", or" bills preferably", seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities.
the rate of plant and equipment spending by business and industry now seems to be topping out and facing some decline.
the recovery will probably be sparked by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit, as well as by an expansion of Government spending, well sustained consumer spending, and some rebuilding of business inventories.
the study of odd-lot indices is somehow akin to the spectacle of a man trying to outfox his own shadow, what with all observers trying to get on the side of the" few" at the same time.
the tendency for general business activity to soften somewhat is becoming more evident.
the usefulness of this study and of configuration analysis as well, declines in direct proportion to the dissemination of its use.
there are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures, of which I take a dim view, but it seems very likely to occur.
there need be no squeamishness about admitting this.
these signs are the inventories of unsold houses in some areas of the country and the moderate rise in vacancy rates for apartments ( 7.6% in September ).
this makes it certain that Federal expenditures for military preparedness and foreign economic aid are likely to rise further in the next several years.
though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse, the possible conclusions remain but two.
thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed, it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed.
to the extent that the new Administration has its wishes, the Federal Reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of Government securities and aggressively seek to force down long-term interest rates.
under the most favorable assumptions for increase, the Bureau of the Census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the Fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the Sixties, and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade.
we are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new African nations against the ruthless competition of the Communist bloc.
what with traders trading for so many different objectives, and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use, and more coming into use all the time, it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough" fans" to invalidate itself.
#, THE OPERATION OF THE MODEL# It is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's duration.
INDUSTRY COSTS_ We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal, and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ), and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ).
Kent and Story, the great early American scholars, repeatedly made use of this phrase, or of" Christian nations", which is a substantial equivalent.
UNION POLICIES AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING ISSUES_ The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership, and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate.
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially" limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin".
_d.
_e.
a nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality;
a number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the transmutation of the law of nations into international law;
as we have noted, however, we are abstracting from changes in all determinants of this level except for changes in the wage rate.
but there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world.
changes in the basic wage rate are cost-raising, and they constitute an argument for raising prices.
disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared.
during the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the Latin American writers, though ineffectively, just as the new nations of Africa and Asia protest them, with more effect, today.
essentially this imposed two conditions: first, international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive, suspicious, and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another;
finally, since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies, larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e&g&, if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of 7%, a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than 14% ).
for internal political reasons, the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the < basic > wage rate, and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate, but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry.
for our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or cost-of-living adjustments ), and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs.
from this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model.
hall, for example, was quite explicit on this point when he said" states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries.
here in 1815 the great nations assembled to legislate not merely for Europe, but for the world.
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action.
however, it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate, although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude.
in both respects, international law was Europeanized.
in the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law.
in this model, then, the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate, but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may, in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2, below, find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise.
international law had to fit the conditions of Europe, and nothing that could not fit this system, or the interests of the great European nations collectively, could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense.
it is this conclusion that we challenge;
it lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations.
it was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions.
more doubtful, but possible, ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries;
more emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of" civilized nations";
no longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do;
notice, however, that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices < per se >, without an accompanying wage increase.
now, with virtually every writer, not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon, but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others.
of course it had always been of European origin in fact, but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory.
on the one hand, the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty, independence, formal equality- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the" flexibility of alignment" that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience.
out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa.
political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine, itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the" balance of power" system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European" balance" itself.
productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry, much less to the union or to the public.
second, it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared.
several factors contributed to this change.
similarly, higher levels of GNP do not, in themselves, provide grounds for raising prices, but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase.
that is, from aspects of a universal system of Justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states.
the < level > of this average cost is determined by factor prices, technology, and so forth.
the Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow.
the European customs on which international law was based were to become, by force and fiat, the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states.
the difference is important, for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns, this was by no means its exclusive domain.
the existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate.
the law of nature governed sovereigns in their relationship to their own citizens, to foreigners, and to each other in a conceptually unified system.
the level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate.
the presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case, on the grounds that it is" clearly" not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously.
the theory of international law, which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in Europe and America, broke this unity and this universality.
the union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment.
the union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases, and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases, but we abstract from these forces here.
they must do something with the acquiescence of the latter, or some of them, which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction".
this Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars.
this is not extended to anticipated levels of GNP, however- only the current level of GNP affects the public pressure against wage-price increases.
thus the Congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century.
thus, for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate, the industry becomes the active wage-setter, since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence.
thus, theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere.
to appreciate this development, we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy.
we assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases, and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the" real" wage rate.
we do so by disproving the presumption on which it is based.
" the resources of equity are equal to an adjustment that will avoid the waste of a tentative decision as well as the friction of a premature constitutional adjudication".
#FEDERAL REVIEW OF STATE DECISIONS# With few exceptions, Congress has not given federal courts < exclusive > authority to enforce rights arising under federal law.
( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts **h in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements;
( as we have seen, the < Erie > and < York > decisions require federal courts in diversity cases to follow state decisional rules.
) here again Mr& Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation.
Congress has not clearly defined the bounds between state and federal court competence.
Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875.
a careful student has suggested that" In any new revision [ of the Judicial Code ] the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used, leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law".
a most revealing recent case is < Textile Workers Union > v& < Lincoln Mills >.
an alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized.
and let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges.
but it is crucial that here, unlike < Burford >, the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question.
but they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse to exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress:" by one fell swoop the Court now finds that Congress indulged in needless legislation in the acts of 1910, 1913, 1925, 1934 and 1937.
by these measures, Congress, so the Court [ in effect ] now decides, gave not only needless but inadequate relief, since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation".
does < Lincoln Mills > suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases, the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages?
drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor, Mr& Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr& Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstention.
he will not be" fooled by technicalities".
how can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none?
if Congress wants to displace the states from areas which they have customarily occupied, let it do so knowingly and explicitly.
in 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court.
in 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test cases.
in < Alabama Public Service Commission > v& < Southern Ry& Co > &, the commission had refused to permit abandonment of certain" uneconomic" train facilities.
in short, congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create, or specify, the right to be enforced.
it does not establish any law ( rights ) for the federal judges to enforce.
it has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis.
it may be noted, parenthetically, that to evade" desegregation" an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority.
it would also leave intact the states' traditional authority in the realm of contract law.
it would also probably mean different things within the same state- depending upon what court ( state or federal ) rendered decision.
its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court.
justices Frankfurter and Jackson concurred in the Court's result, for they found no merit in the railroad's claim.
meanwhile, the Supreme Court, like Congress, showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction.
mr& Justice Black no doubt concurs in principle but is more apt to make exceptions to achieve a generous and" just" result.
obviously, the goal here proposed is the guiding principle in Mr& Justice Frankfurter's opinions- to the extent that Congress leaves the problem to judicial discretion.
on its face this merely provides a federal forum;
on review the Supreme Court, via Mr& Justice Frankfurter, found southern racial problems" a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to **h adjudication is open".
or ( 3 ) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters".
refusal to adjudicate is another.
reluctant, as usual, to interpret state legislation- such interpretation can only be a" forecast rather than a determination"- Mr& Justice Frankfurter led a unanimous Court to vacate the injunction.
such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter.
temporary abstention, i&e&, postponement, is one thing;
the < Lincoln Mills > decision authorizes a whole new body of federal" common law" which, as Mr& Justice Frankfurter pointed out in dissent, leads to one of the following" incongruities":" ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements;
the Court held that Congress had intended the federal judiciary to" fashion" an appropriate law of labor-management contracts.
the Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed;
the Justice's elaborate examination of the legislative history of the provision in question suggests that Congress' purpose was merely to make unions < suable >.
the Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over" suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce".
the classic case is < Railroad Commission > v& < Pullman >.
the commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes.
the essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders.
the first is that enforcement of national law in state litigation raises in reverse the old diversity puzzle of the relation of procedure to substance.
the railroad, claiming deprivation of property without due process of law, sought injunctive relief.
the result, of course, would be that federal law inevitably would mean different things in different states.
the same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA < certiorari > cases, in the administrative law area, and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review.
there is a common problem behind most of these federal question and diversity cases.
this in the name of equitable discretion.
this saved for state adjudication, in the first instance, the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious, but other areas remained vulnerable.
this would satisfy what presumably was Congress' major purpose- the suability of unions.
three years later similar restraints were imposed upon injunctions against collection of state taxes.
to avoid these constitutional difficulties, Mr& Justice Frankfurter was prepared to read the Taft-Hartley provision as concerned with diversity, rather than federal question, jurisdiction.
to insure uniformity in the meaning of national law, however, state interpretations are subject to Supreme Court review.
to put it differently, state and federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction with respect to most claims of federal right.
to the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation, federal equitable relief against state action must be available- or so it seems to Mr& Justice Frankfurter.
we consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship.
whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies, the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue.
with a few exceptions, the lawmakers seemed unaware of the technical problems of federal jurisdiction involved- to say nothing of the delegation of lawmaking power to judges.
#OTHER TAX ATTRIBUTES OF THE TRANSFEROR# There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved.
#a.
#b.
#c.
( 2 ) the actual selling and buying practices of the respondents;
DESIGN OF THE QUESTIONNAIRE# The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information: ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents, including their experience with, and interest in, securing defense business;
PREPARATION AND PRETEST OF THE QUESTIONNAIRE# The research team prepared and then revised the questionnaire over a period of six months.
REASONS FOR SELECTING MAIL QUESTIONNAIRE METHOD# There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available: ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies, and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire.
_ATTRIBUTES SIMILAR TO A LOSS CARRYOVER._ There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items.
a respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question.
accordingly, another test of the questionaire was made.
actually, there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover.
and ( 3 ) the attitudes and opinions of the respondents concerning bidding procedures and the methods of awarding defense contracts.
as a result, it was decided that a mail questionnaire sent to a large number of companies would be more effective in determining the general practices and opinions of small firms and in highlighting some of the fundamental and recurring problems of defense procurement that concern both industry and government.
fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register ( TR list ).
finally, there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives.
for example, property" used in the trade or business" of a transferor corporation, as defined in section 1231, presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation.
for example, suppose another excess profits tax similar to prior laws is enacted, providing for carryover of excess profits credits.
furthermore, in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger, to which the statute is clearly inapplicable.
however, a similar privilege was not specifically provided in section 168 for a person acquiring emergency facilities.
if such an unlikely transaction were to take place, it would more logically be accomplished by a stock purchase, followed by the prosecution of the claim by the wholly-owned subsidiary, followed by liquidation.
if the transferor has substantial assets other than the claim, it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes.
in June, 1960, an early draft of the questionnaire, along with a cover letter, was mailed to fourteen companies in the state of Washington.
in the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered, and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations.
in the rare case where a corporation 's only substantial asset, or its most important one, is a claim for refund, perhaps its transfer should not be permitted, whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock.
in these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote.
in virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated, and its former stockholders either own outright, or have a continuing stock interest in, the assets which gave rise to the tax.
is the respondent making a recommendation for his own benefit, for the benefit of his industry, for the benefit of a specific government department or service, for the benefit of the defense program, for the benefit of small business, or for the benefit of the taxpayers?
it appears, then, that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c ), a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a ) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation.
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax.
it is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income;
it is interesting to note that 75 per cent of those who returned the questionnaire identified themselves.
it is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
it was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in subsequent studies of a more detailed nature.
it was hoped that the facts concerning the characteristics and practices of the respondents would offer clues to the reasons why they took the positions and made the recommendations which they did.
nor is it at all likely that a" desperate" claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization.
other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization.
probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance.
section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period.
section 203 of the United States Code has been interpreted as not applying to claims against the Government transferred in tax-free reorganizations.
section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred, and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor 's holding period for such property to that of the transferee.
section 381(a ) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent, a statutory merger or consolidation, an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock, or a change of identity, form, or place of organization.
several days after the companies had received the questionnaire, members of the research team contacted the presidents of eleven of these companies in person or by phone to discuss any ambiguities or difficulties the addressees might have experienced in completing the questionnaire.
similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4 ) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6 ) ).
simple" yes" or" no" answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have.
since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954, one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have.
the first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a ), which is the only type presently under discussion.
the major sections of the questionnaire ( see Appendix B ) are devoted to the following: _1._ Information for classifying respondents ( Part A of the questionnaire ) _2._ Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) _3._ Respondents' practices in participating in advertised bidding for defense business ( Part C of the questionnaire ) _4._ Respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) _5._ Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) _6._ Respondents' opinions regarding negotiated bidding ( Part F of the questionnaire ) _7._ Respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( Part G of the questionnaire ) The questionnaire provided a place for the name of the respondent but stated that identification of the respondent was optional.
the method of compiling the AIA and TR lists will be described later.
the parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1)(F ), but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not, for example, elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries.
the questionnaire also stated that, in any event, all replies would be treated confidentially.
the research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country, or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made.
the research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire.
the revised draft was mailed in July, 1960, to 100 firms throughout the United States.
the successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims.
there is also the problem of the respondent's frame of reference.
there is also the question of whether the respondent based his answers on factual information and carefully considered judgment, or whether his answers were casual guesses.
there is the danger that the questions will mean different things to different respondents.
this carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover.
this test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire.
under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the < Stanton Brewery > case, but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand, who wrote the majority opinion in the < Sansome > case, a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization.
under the circumstances, however, the team considered it would provide the most useful information at this point.
while the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions, it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies.
with respect to this type of item, one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report, quoted above, which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein.
#INTO COURT# The matter got into the courts this way: one of the early strikes called by the AWOC was at the DiGiorgio pear orchards in Yuba County.
#LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS# First, let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved.
( incidentally, no Mexican nationals were involved.
) the employer, seeking to continue his harvest, challenged our right to cease referrals to him, and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County.
< no person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute, or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute.
California has accepted the provisions of that Act ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that < The State of California accepts the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act, **h and will observe and comply with the requirements of that act >.
I believe I am in good company in this view.
I cannot accept that view, either as a lawyer or as an administrator.
a decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to nonagricultural situations, and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as strikebreakers.
a similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County, and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders.
accordingly, under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation, we suspended referrals to the employer.
as a result of these changed conditions, the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past.
as an administrator, I cannot place the Employment Service in California in jeopardy of being out of compliance with the Federal laws by my failure to pursue the avenues of appeal open to me.
assume, for example, a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields.
but over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision, I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law.
but the current issues arose out of the Wagner-Peyser Act concerning referrals to an establishment where a labor dispute exists, and out of Public Law 78 and the Migrant Labor Agreement if Mexican nationals were employed at the ranch.
by the very nature of the situation, it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management.
employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition, on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act requires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists.
further, and as an evidence of legislative intent only, the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the" Holland Amendment" to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters.
however, the Attorney General of California, at the request of the Secretary of Labor, sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court, on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged.
however, the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code, and presumably therefore also the regulations, it was now a State matter.
however, when labor disputes arise, its provisions come clearly into play.
in analyzing this regulation, let us take the last sentence first.
in that event, we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter, and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts.
infrequently do we think of it as a living, continuing, operating control over the system.
it accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction, whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent.
it is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent.
it is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved.
it is conclusive, unless appealed, only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard.
it is not binding upon another Superior Court, which could rule to the contrary.
it is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue.
it permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute, provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute.
leadership was experienced and skillful, and financial resources were significant.
most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense, as a major milestone in the development of public placement services.
next, let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals.
normally, because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance, we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code, although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility.
note that it < prohibits > referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ).
only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or, of course, the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established.
other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions, and he has done so.
primarily, we became involved in these disputes because of our referral obligations under our farm placement program.
regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties, failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life.
so far, no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision.
that is to say, to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time, rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State.
the AWOC has been able to employ the traditional weapons of labor- the strike and the picket line- with considerable success, particularly in the area of wages.
the Attorney General of California concurs in this interpretation and has filed an appeal from these decisions to the District Court of Appeal.
the Attorney General of the United States, in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers, has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority.
the court issued a temporary restraining order, directing us to resume referrals.
the growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation.
the packing shed workers go on strike.
the pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section 602.2 ( b ), as follows: referrals in labor dispute situations.
the public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State.
the ramifications of the issue are enormous.
there is far too much at stake for all of the parties concerned to leave the matter hanging in midair.
there is no dispute involving fieldwork.
these attempts met with little sucess for a variety of reasons.
they were inadequately financed, without experienced leadership, and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole.
this past year the pattern has been different: the organizing program had the full support of the AFL- CIO, which supplied staff and money to the AWOC, as well as moral support.
to date, at least, the strategy of the AWOC has been selective;
under that order, we have continued referring workers to the ranch.
we concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute.
we found that a labor dispute existed, and that the workers had left their jobs, which were then vacant because of the dispute.
we, of course, obeyed the court order.
with respect to labor disputes, the Wagner-Peyser Act states only, < In carrying out the provisions of this Act, the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment >.
with respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph, any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists, provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral >.
#DESEGREGATION AND COURT ORDER# Now let 's look at the evidence that shows the increase in desegregation and such increase as a result of court order.
#SOURCES OF INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN# Successful teaching involves getting enough information about each pupil to understand why he behaves as he does in certain situations and how his achievement in school is being influenced by various factors in his environment.
Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria, Arlington, Fairfax, and Warren Counties.
THE SUMMARY REPORT ON DESEGREGATION PROGRESS IN EDUCATION IN THE MIDDLE-SOUTH REGION, 1959-1960" clearly shows two pieces of information.
_CUMULATIVE RECORDS_ Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils.
_FACTORS THAT INHIBIT LEARNING AND LEAD TO MALADJUSTMENT_ Studies conducted in various sections of the United States indicate that many children in elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally, and that many of them are failing to make satisfactory progress in school subjects.
a vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading.
additional school desegregation in < Tennessee > resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military personnel.
although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards, he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability, background, and experience.
an impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school.
and to utilize opportunities, arising in connection with regular classroom activities, for gaining a better understanding of his pupils.
as a result of the State Board of Education plan, Negro children entered heretofore white elementary schools in five districts.
as in Maryland, a District court has approved an official plan of school desegregation in < Delaware >.
at any rate, the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement, failure, and maladjustment.
but the region also embraces some of the staunchest opposition.
chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress.
desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News, Fairfax County, Arlington County, and Norfolk.
desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance, interposition, pupil assignment ( with no assignments of Negro children ), and hate bombings.
desegregation in Pulaski County is pending because of court order, although date of admission is not yet determined.
during summer vacation periods these records are stored in the office of the principal.
each new teacher to whom the pupil goes is expected to study the information in the cumulative record and to bring it up to date.
each teacher has in his classroom a metal file, equipped with a lock, which is used to store cumulative record folders.
elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties, which already had high school desegregation.
first < Kentucky >.
he can be expected, however, to examine and interpret the information already available;
he cannot be expected to administer all the tests and gather all the information needed about each child in his classroom.
in < Maryland > the Harford County Board of Education had prepared a desegregation plan which the Court approved but which a plaintiff had challenged;
in < Virginia > court orders led to desegregation in Charlottesville and Floyd Counties.
in < West Virginia > the number of white and Negro children attending the same school has increased almost twofold.
indeed, a study of the individual child is an integral part of the work of the elementary-school teacher, rather than merely an additional chore.
it is apparent, therefore, that the teacher needs to know what factors have a vital bearing on the learning and adjustment of children.
it is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy, or that the child who lacks interest in school, who dislikes the teacher, or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent.
it is the classroom teacher, however, who has daily contacts with pupils, and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice.
many school systems now employ school psychologists and child guidance specialists.
moreover, these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner.
one study, which involved 1,524 pupils in grades one to six, found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously maladjusted and that 23 percent were reading a year below capacity.
only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records.
second, that both actual and pending desegregation is, with few exceptions, the product or result of court order.
similarly, further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities, Chattanooga, Knoxville, and Memphis.
some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers designating when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used.
teachers and administrators in many elementary schools have assumed that dividing the pupils in any grade into groups on the basis of test scores solves the problem of meeting the needs of individuals.
teaching methods, learning materials, and promotion policies may inhibit learning and lead to maladjustments for some children.
the Middle-South Region, as defined by the National Association of Intergroup Relations Officials ( NAIRO ), consists of the states of Kentucky, Maryland, Tennessee, West Virginia, Delaware, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
the Report together with other information suggests that desegregation in the schools is slow.
the Summary Report, which was prepared for this Conference, indicates, first, that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing;
the Third Circuit Court of Appeals is reviewing an appeal from the plan.
the action was a result of a court order, the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference.
the causes of retardation and maladjustment may be found in physical factors, such as defective speech or hearing, impaired vision, faulty motor coordination, a frail constitution, chronic disease, malnutrition, and glandular malfunctioning.
the classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist;
the curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others.
the states and the Nation's Capital all have some desegregation, in fact some dating back to 1954;
there are no court decisions here.
these maladjustments in turn inhibit learning, and a vicious cycle is completed.
these records, when systematically maintained, provide much information about the children, which the teacher can use in guidance, instruction, grouping, and reporting to parents.
these specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention, by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom, and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children.
they may be caused by poor health habits, such as faulty eating and sleeping habits.
they may be related to mental immaturity or lack of aptitude for certain types of school work.
this is only a minimum list of the factors that inhibit learning and contribute to maladjustment among children.
this section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher;
thus, county school board and Federal court joined hands here to promote school desegregation.
to refine and extend his own techniques for studying individual children;
unwholesome family relations, broken homes, and undesirable community influences may also be contributing factors.
what they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success, and that they still must be treated as individuals.
when a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning, insecurity, unhappiness, and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow.
#THE EDUCATIONAL PROFESSION# The members of the educational profession have a major voice in the determination of educational policy, their position being strongest in the universities.
#THE" PUBLIC INTEREST" GROUPS# Educational policies are formed by several groups who are officially or unofficially appointed to act in the public interest.
Campbell studied the records of 172 school board members in twelve western cities over the period of 1931-40 and found" little or no relationship between certain social and economic factors and school board competence", as judged by a panel of professional educators who studied the voting records on educational issues.
FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR EDUCATION OF THE CITIZENS._ If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens, Issue No& 6 may be moot.
President Truman's Commission on Higher Education tended to take a liberal, expansionist position, while President Eisenhower's Committee on Education Beyond the High School was slightly more conservative.
REQUIRED PUBLIC EDUCATION._ Should a political subdivision, state or county or municipality, be required to furnish public education?
_ISSUE NO& 5.
_ISSUE NO& 6.
a hypothetical issue of this sort might deal with the establishment of a free public junior college in a community where there already was a good private college which served the middle-class youth adequately but was too expensive for working-class youth.
again, in deciding on the content and method of his teaching, does he favor a curriculum which will make his students stronger competitors in the race for higher economic status, or does he favor a curriculum which strengthens students in other ways?
another public interest group is the commission of laymen or educators which is appointed to study an educational problem and to make recommendations.
both Commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people, who attempted to act in the public interest.
but another cause may lie in the experience of so many new postwar faculty members with their own use of education as a means of social advancement.
compared with the college and university faculty members of the period from 1900 to 1930, the new postwar faculty members consist of more children of immigrants and more children of urban working-class fathers.
do they make class-biased decisions?
even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education, we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation.
for instance, in giving school grades or in making recommendations for the award of a college scholarship, does he consciously or unconsciously favor students of one or another social class?
for instance, there have been two Presidential Commissions on higher education since World War 2,.
for the school year, 1959-1960, the Prince Edward County ( Virginia ) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education, and the school board therefore could provide no public education- for white or Negro children.
generally these commissions work earnestly to represent the interest of the entire society, as they conceive it.
however, there are relatively few such political constituencies, and, as has been pointed out, there is seldom a clear-cut distinction between the educational interests of one social class and those of another.
if people do n't want to provide public education, should they be forced to do so?
if there were more such cases, it would be easier to answer the question whether the policy-makers favor their own social classes.
if this happens, there may be some class conflict in the South, with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position.
if, on the other hand, it is not settled, or while it is being debated and resolved, does the Federal government have a responsibility in situations like that in Prince Edward County?
in a set of case studies of teachers with various social-class backgrounds, Wattenberg illustrates a variety of approaches to students and to teaching which depend upon the teacher's personality as well as on his social-class background.
in a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values, it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society.
in general, it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy, and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values, which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society.
in situations of this sort the board generally favors the expansion of free education.
in this case it is primarily a matter of conflict of racial groups rather than social-class groups.
is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education?
legislators are one such group, and state legislators have major responsibility for educational legislation.
must or should the Federal government help?
nearly half the children still receive no education.
nevertheless, their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody, and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view.
on the whole, it appears that they do not favor their own social classes in an explicit way.
one social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families.
one upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb, while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home, and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment.
or is this subject a matter of self-determination, a matter of states rights or county rights?
or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution?
seldom is there an issue in which class lines can be clearly drawn.
should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education?
should the requirement, which must therefore be Federal in nature, be legislated by the United States Congress?
teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them;
that is, they are likely to favor a kind of education that has vocational-advancement value.
the answers to questions such as these certainly depend to some extent upon the educator's own social-class position and also upon his social history, as well as upon his personality and what he conceives his mission to be as an educator.
the few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers, and such issues are not issues of educational policy.
the next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers.
the problem arises, if it does arise, when the educator has to make a choice or a decision within the area of his professional competence, but which bears some relation to the social structure.
their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents, who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum.
their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers.
there are several causes for this, one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training.
there have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy.
there is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged.
there is no doubt that higher education since World War 2, has moved away from" pure" liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization.
there is no problem here.
they are mostly upper-middle- and lower-middle-class people, with a few in the upper class.
they generally vote so as to serve their own constituency, and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class, they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education.
this conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people.
this does not necessarily mean that such teachers will favor vocational education, as contrasted with liberal education, but they are likely to favor an approach to liberal education which has a maximal vocational-advancement value, as against a kind of" pure" liberal education that is not designed to help people get better jobs.
this is the issue of segregated schools in the South.
thus, the white middle and lower classes are arrayed against the Negro middle and lower classes.
we actually have two issues in this question- goal and method.
while this influence is a complex matter, depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience, there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth.
#THREE-PART ANALYSIS OF THE COSTS OF AN ELECTRIC UTILITY BUSINESS# In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis, let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant.
( cf& Brodbeck, 1959: ch& 12.
( cf& Chapter 9,.
( cf& Rapoport, 1959: ch& 11.
( cf& Wetter, 1952: pt& 2, Ch& 5;
) a parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed.
) functionalism as a sociological credo is, therefore, not a direct consequence of observations, but rather an indirect consequence of philosophical inference and judgment.
) here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent.
) metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity.
Horowitz 1957b&.
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures, yet it is perfectly clear as Nagel ( 1957:247-83 ) and Hempel ( 1959:271-307 ) indicate, that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models, in which the notions of teleology, i&e&, metaphysical purpose, are central.
THE CUSTOMER COSTS_ These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless, or almost regardless, of power consumption.
_1.
a recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required.
but any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the operating costs imputed to this class is reported as a" return" realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service.
but contrary to Whitehead, philosophy is not a synonym for Plato.
but our present interest lies in the measurement of costs of service, and only indirectly in rates that may or may not be designed to cover these costs.
but the practice is likely to be misleading, since it may seem to support a conclusion that, as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus < some > return on capital investment, however low, the rates of charge for this service are compensatory.
but the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including, not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity.
but what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models?
consider the traditional" four fields" of philosophy: logic, ethics, epistemology and esthetics.
costs actually vary in much more complex ways.
for a statement of costs per kilowatt-hour would ignore the fact that many of these costs are not a function of kilowatt-hour output ( or consumption ) of energy.
for example, the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge, a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at 2@ per kilowatt-hour, and a $2 charge for a maximum demand of 2 kilowatts during the month at the rate of $1 per kilowatt- a total bill of $8 for that month.
for if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions, the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such entities are valid.
for the reason just suggested, I shall assume the use of the first subtype of fully distributed cost apportionment in the following simplified example.
however, when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences, to dictate the conditions of empirical research, it becomes formal metaphysics;
if this threefold division of costs were to have its counterpart in the actual rates of charge for service, as it actually does have in some rates, there would result a three-part rate for any one class of service.
in fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
included as a minimum are the costs of metering and billing along with whatever other expenses the company must incur in taking on another consumer.
indeed, that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business, followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption.
is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science?
it has become painfully clear that the very attempt to make the language of social research free of values by erecting mathematical and physical models, is itself a conditioned response to a world which pays a premium price for technological manipulation.
it has surrendered any claims of description in favor of psychological accounts of nothingness, as in Heidegger's system ( 1929 ).
it is a commonplace that to the degree these special preserves of past philosophic hunting grounds establish an empirical content and suitable methodological criteria, they move away from philosophy as such.
it is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology, since the former is a logical, rational discipline, where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical.
it is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription.
it is simply revealing the state to which metaphysical thinking has fallen during this century.
let us also assume the existence of only one class or type of service, all of which is supplied at the same voltage, phase, etc& to residential, commercial, and industrial customers.
let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn, recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes;
like primitive numbers in mathematics, the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its operational worth.
needless to say, any such inference would be quite unwarranted.
other services will show different rates of return, some probably much lower and some higher.
philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories.
science is mocked for wishing to know nothing of Nothing, in a last ditch effort to save the gods at the expense of men.
shaping the contours of life to fit the needs of legends.
since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service, we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple;
such a position entails the negation of philosophy in its Platonic form as something soaring above and embracing the empirical and mathematical sciences.
that is to say, an allowance for" cost of capital" will be assumed to be included directly in the cost apportionment.
the mere exploration of the unconscious ground of present-day sociology offers a rich vein of philosophical and logical investigation.
the notion of philosophy as Queen Bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology, but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences.
the preconditions of sociology have remained largely unexamined by the sociologist.
the purpose of this sort of philosophical study of sociology is not to tyrannize but to clarify the principles of social science.
the simple pragmatic success of the sociology of small groups needs to be questioned.
the simplest division, and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases, is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into" customer costs"," energy" or" volumetric costs", and" demand" or" capacity" costs.
the uses of philosophy as a logical clearing house are manifest to any approach that does not descend to pure sensationalism.
there are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding" cost of capital" from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service- notably, the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute" cost of capital" or" fair rate of return".
these minimum costs may come to $1 per month, more or less, for residential and small commercial customers, although they are substantially higher for large industrial users, who require more costly connections and metering devices.
this involves a sifting of the empirical and rational elements entering into each social science statement.
this latter assumption will permit us to center attention on the most controversial aspect of modern public utility cost analysis- the distinction among costs that are functions of outputs of the same service measured along different dimensions.
this push to confine the study of mass behaviour to the measurements of parameters involved in differential equations has led sociology perilously close to the reduction of the word" mass" to mean a small group in which certain relations between all pairs of individuals in such a group can be studied.
thus, during any given year ( a ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000, ( b ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000, and ( c ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000, the cost analyst will report that residential service, in the aggregate, has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2 per cent.
to be sure, the capital investments in ( or, alternatively, the estimated" fair values" of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes, as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services.
while costs on this order are sometimes separately charged for in residential and commercial rates, in the form of a mere" service charge", they are more frequently wholly or partly covered by a minimum charge which entitles the consumer to a very small amount of gas or electricity with no further payment.
I come now to a fourth consideration.
I come now to a third argument, which again is very simple.
I hold, on the contrary, that we mean to assert something of the pain itself, namely, that it was bad- bad when and as it occurred.
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that.
and if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same, while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero, it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express.
and our question is, is such an implication consistent with what we meant?
and suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded.
and there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself.
and this seems to me untrue.
and we are now so fatigued in body and mind that feeling is, as we say, quite dead.
are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did?
as we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered, we are very likely to say:" it was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so".
badness, in the only sense in which it is involved at all, waited for its appearance till I came and looked and felt.
but before discussing it, I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case.
but on the theory before us such a belief would not make sense.
but suppose that a week later we revert to the incident in thought and make our statement again.
but unfortunately the rabbit, on no grounds at all, took up toward this neutral object an attitude of disapproval and that made it for the first time, and in the only intelligible sense, bad.
clearly it is not.
clearly not.
consider what follows from the positivist view.
for what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time, and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene.
he holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval.
if anyone asked us, after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing, whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all, we should say that it made all the difference in the world, that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there, that if this had not occurred, there was nothing left to be bad, and that our assertion was in that case mistaken.
if so, then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only.
if we did not mean to say this, why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred?
in the only sense in which badness is involved at all, whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety, since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling, and that feeling is still there.
in these circumstances, since what was expressed by the remark when first made is, on the theory before us, simply absent, the remark now expresses nothing.
indeed we should say, on the contrary, that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain, that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not.
it has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out.
it ideally removes the past event, and shows that this would render false what we mean to say, whereas on positivist grounds it should not.
it is as empty as the word" Hurrah" would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it.
it removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this, whereas on positivist grounds it should be.
let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered.
let us suppose that the animal did not in fact fall into the trap and did not suffer at all, but that we mistakenly believe it did, and say as before that its suffering was an evil thing.
let us take a set of circumstances in which I happen to be interested on the legislative side and in which I think every one of us might naturally make such a statement.
let us work through an example, and the simpler and commoner the better.
nothing evil was happening when that pain was being endured;
now I do not think their view will do.
now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows.
on that view, nothing good or bad happened in the case until I came on the scene and made my remark.
on the positivist theory, everything I sought to express by calling it evil in the first case is still present in the second.
on the theory before us, such relief would be groundless, for in that suffering itself there was nothing bad at all, and hence in its nonoccurrence there would be nothing to be relieved about.
so far as I can see, there is only one way out for the positivist.
the attempt failed: the animal is now dead.
the first argument is thus an ideal experiment in which we use the method of difference.
the pain in itself was neutral;
the pain of the rabbit was not itself bad;
the pathetic evidence is no longer before us;
the positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion.
the positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition.
the positivists are plainly right in saying that such remarks do usually express feeling.
the second argument applies the method in the reverse way.
the suggestion that in saying something evil had occurred we were after all making no mistake, because we had never meant anyhow to say anything about the past suffering, seems to me merely frivolous.
the theory claims to show by analysis that when we say," That is good", we do not mean to assert a character of the subject of which we are thinking.
there are signs that it has struggled for days to escape and that in a frenzy of hunger, pain, and fear, it has all but eaten off its own leg.
there is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad.
this theory has been put so clearly and precisely that it deserves criticism of the same kind, and this I will do my best to supply.
this way of escape is theoretically possible, but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not, so far as I know, been urged by positivists, it is perhaps best not to spend time over it.
we all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not;
we are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it.
we come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use.
we should say that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time, but that it was the same point we were making.
when we come upon the rabbit and make our remark about its suffering being a bad thing, we presumably make it with some feeling;
when we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing, the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point, but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before, we should certainly answer Yes.
Attica, though important, was not the only teacher of this age.
Greek history and culture were enduringly fertilized, and plagued, by the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors.
_THE AEGEAN IN 800 B&C&_ GEOMETRIC POTTERY has not yet received the thorough, detailed study which it deserves, partly because the task is a mammoth one and partly because some of its local manifestations, as at Argos, are only now coming to light.
a schematic, abstract treatment of men and animals, < by intent, > rose only in the late eighth century.
according to his own testimony, he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous" blots" of color of a more or less indefinite size;
after a conversation with another man, he was able to recount practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like.
and perhaps an observer of the vases will not go too far in deducing that the outlook of their makers and users was basically stable and secure.
and the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it.
and there was ample evidence of the following sort to corroborate him.
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure.
as one would surmise, the procedure, however, could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough, so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape, which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference.
at the least, however, one may conclude that Geometric potters sensed a logical order;
at their edges they slipped pretty much out of focus altogether.
but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium.
but by the tracing procedure, he could, in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner, find the unseen form;
by 800 B&C& the Aegean was an area of common tongue and of common culture.
could piece, as it were, the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be.
dice, for example, he inferred from black dots on a white surface.
everywhere within the common pattern, however, one finds local diversity;
from even a cursory inspection of its many aspects, however, the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B&C& The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree.
further we cannot go, for the Dark ages deserve their name.
he could not recognize it;
he evidently could not actually see the corners of these objects, but their size and the dots gave them away.
he was absolutely unfamiliar with it because he had no visual memory at all.
he was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed, precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape, already learned and held in visual memory, as persons of normal vision do.
how, then, do the kinesthetic sensations function in all this?
if the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually, then, it would seem, the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations, at least in regard to two dimensions, and, as we shall see, even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors.
if, however, the figure to be discerned were complicated, composed of several interlocking subfigures, and so on, even the tracing process failed him, and he could not focus even relatively simple shapes among its parts.
imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainable.
in short, both his own declarations and his figural blindness, when he looked at objects, seem to present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all.
in the vases this spirit may perhaps at times bore or repel one in its internal self-satisfaction, but the best of the Geometric pins have rightly been considered among the most beautiful ever made in the Greek world.
in their place came local variations < within > the common style- tentative, as it were, in Protogeometric products but truly distinct and sharply defined as the Geometric spirit developed.
in this process the Minoan-Mycenaean inheritance had been transmuted or finally rejected;
instead, he constantly became lost in parts and components of them, confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects, and so on, unless he allowed time to" trace" the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours.
many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently crystallized to find expression, nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a lofty structure.
men, trees, automobiles, houses, and so on- objects continually confronted in everyday life- had each its characteristic blot-appearance and became easily recognizable, at the very beginning of tracing, by an inference as to what each was.
much which was in embryo in 1000 had become reasonably well developed by 800.
nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives.
often he seems even to have been able to guess correctly, without the tracing motions, solely on the basis of qualitative differences among the blot-like things which appeared in his visual experience.
on these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the < Iliad >.
one can take a vase of about 800 B&C& and, without any knowledge of its place of origin, venture to assign it to a specific area;
perhaps the very important question- What is, then, exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things?- has now been raised in the reader's mind and in the following form.
quite naturally, they make the investigation, first, by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then, later, by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to.
the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800.
the authors set about answering this fundamental question through a detailed investigation of the patient's ability, tactually, ( 1 ) to perceive figure and ( 2 ) to locate objects in space, with his eyes closed ( or turned away from the object concerned ).
the focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland, and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean, always excepting its northern shores, had accepted the Geometric style of pottery.
the ninth century was in its artistic work" the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future", and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated.
the patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all;
the potters of the Aegean islands thus stood apart from those of the mainland, and in Greece itself Argive, Corinthian, Attic, Boeotian, and other Geometric sequences have each their own hallmarks.
the same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages, from linguistic distribution, and from the survivals of early social, political, and religious patterns into later ages.
the storms of the past had died away, and the great upheaval which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds.
their principles of composition stand very close to those which appear in the Homeric epics and the hexameter line.
their world, again, was a still simple, traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life.
then he might finally recognize it, apparently by combining the visual blot, actually being seen, with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements.
therefore, his only recourse was to learn the shape all over again for each new visual experience of the same individual object or type of object;
these local variations were to become ever sharper in the next century and a half.
this meant, concretely, that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body, became easily confused by" hasher marks" inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters, and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it.
this would mean, it can readily be seen, that, again, for each new visual experience the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery.
those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside- are correct;
throughout the work of the later ninth century a calm, severe serenity displays itself.
to speak of this underlying view of the world is to embark upon matters of subjective judgment.
when the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all, the following striking results occurred.
whenever artists, indeed, turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures, which were rare down to 800 B&C&, they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6 a, 9 b );
while Protogeometric vases usually turn up, especially outside Greece proper, together with as many or more examples of local stamp, these" non-Greek" patterns had mostly vanished by the later ninth century.
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance.
Pels also sent a check for $100 to Russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave.
Pels complained:" litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business;
Russell had reached the house as Cook surmised, dismounted, but just as the old trapper opened the door to receive him, he fell into the trapper's arms- dead.
a bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head, tearing a hole two-inches square on the outgoing side.
about 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square.
after spending two nights ( Wednesday and Thursday ) in Catskill, the deputies again headed for the Vermejo to finish their business.
again he refused.
although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones, the warrant for his arrest had never been served.
and a store was broken into and robbed.
and the law virtually ignored the situation.
as he pushed open the door he fell on his face, one of his comrades pulling him inside.
as they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs, a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers.
at a very shallow place, two Mexicans rushed into the open for a shot.
before daylight Sunday morning, a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves, where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered.
both Cook's and Russell's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing, but the company officers felt that in the end, it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion.
bullets were so thick, throwing sand in his face, that he found it difficult to return the fire.
by 3:00 A&M& they reached his house and found it vacant.
by early summer, he wrote from Laramie that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially, so Pels sent him a draft for $100, warning that it was still not wise for him to return.
cattle stealing and killing, again serious during the spring of 1891, placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position.
district Attorney M& W& Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms- he just did n't catch anyone.
dropping to one knee, Cook felled one, and the other struggled off with his comrade, sending no further fire in his direction.
during the following week, six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned;
finding him dead, Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins.
general manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away, and try to have a few punished.
grabbing his Winchester from its sheath, Cook prepared to fight from behind the arroyo bank.
half a mile below at the mouth of Salyer's Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A& J& Armstrong, occupied by a Mexican, his wife, and an old trapper.
he was promised that no harm would befall him if he would come out, but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming near the door.
his friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense, perpetuating the troubles.
in deadly earnest, the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside, only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor.
increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico.
instead, he whirled and ran to his house for a gun forcing them to kill him, Cook reported.
it was nearly sundown before they finished the business with Beall and began riding down the stream.
just before leaving the arroyo where he was partially concealed, he did hear shots down at the house.
justice delayed;
not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush, but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm, passing on through his body.
not realizing the seriousness of the wound, the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him.
nothing accomplished, and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute farce".
noticing Russell's horse in front of the long log building, he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight, so he began working his way down the ditch to join him.
on February 17, Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased.
on May 19, a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez.
public money spent;
shot near the heart, he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away, three bullets following him.
since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated, too small a posse had been collected, and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants, MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw.
some buildings, farm tools, two horses, plows, and hay owned by Bonito Lavato, a friendly interpreter for the company, and Pedro Chavez' hay were stolen or destroyed;
still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing.
suspecting an ambush, the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill.
the Mexicans not only refused to give them, but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it.
the judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened, no substitute was brought in, no criminal cases heard, only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried, and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks.
the men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid.
the officer demanded the names of the injured men;
the posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive.
the posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent.
there were three houses in Salyer's Canyon just at the foot of a low bluff, the road winding along the top, entering above, and then passing down in front of the houses, thence to the Vermejo.
they had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a horse-trail across the stream just ahead of them.
they stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old Garnett Lee ranch.
they were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property, thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the Vermejo, and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot.
to the west of this road was another low bluff, forty or fifty feet high, covered with scrub oak and other brush.
when it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer, taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside, square against the muzzle of a Winchester.
when they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby, they smashed down the door, broke the window, and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room.
while prowling around these buildings, two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside.
while talking with Julian M& Beall, Francisco Archuleta and Juan Marcus appeared, both heavily armed, and after watching the house for a while, rode away.
with the first reports, Russell's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook, followed by a hail of bullets, raced towards the arroyo of Salyer's Canyon immediately in front of him, just reaching it as his horse fell.
word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales, a man with many followers, including a number who were kept in line through fear of him.
#@ ELECTRIC POWER# ELECTRICITY plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use.
< Utopia > is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity.
Eber L& Taylor of Manchester Depot recorded the setting of phone poles in East Dorset and Barnumville in his diary for 1906.
Elizabeth Way was the first operator;
George Smith, treasurer;
George Woodcock was manager and troubleshooter;
John C& Blackmer, vice-president;
Manchester then had two competing power companies until 1904, when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the Vail Company.
Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company, the Colonial Light and Power Company, for one year.
William Hitchcock, who retired in 1938, was a veteran of thirty-four years' local service.
a small single switchboard was installed in the Village over Woodcock's hardware store ( later E& H& Hemenway's ).
after being located for some years in the Village at the Equinox Pharmacy under the supervision of Mrs& Harry Mercier, it is presently located in the Hill and Dale Shop, Manchester Center.
and William F& Orvis, secretary.
and a night operator was also employed.
and if he did stand on the margins of modernity, it was not in dying a martyr for such unity as Papal supremacy might be able to force on Western Christendom.
another veteran telephone operator was Edith Fleming Blackmer, who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960.
anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the < Manchester Journal >.
at about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way, the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery, intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity.
but to return to the main line of our inquiry.
during summers, business was so brisk that Mrs& Wilcox had two assistants and a messenger.
during that tournament alone, some 250,000 words winged their way out of Manchester.
first, it appears to be based on the fact that on its title page < Utopia > is described as" festivus"," gay".
for a time following the abandonment of the local plant, electric current for Manchester was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north.
in 1914 when the town was chosen for the U& S& Amateur Golf tournament, a representative hurried here from the Boston manager's office.
in 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U& S& Rte& 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center.
in 1931 Mrs& F& H& Briggs, agent and chief operator, who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service, led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490.
in 1932 Dorset received its own exchange, which made business easier for the Manchester office, but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset.
in November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot.
in November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant.
in his wake came the District Traffic Supervisor and the cream of the telegraphic profession, ten of Boston's best, chosen for their long experience and thorough knowledge of golf.
indeed, it is even surprising in the Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History, who fathered this most peculiar view, and in the brilliant Professor of Medieval and Renaissance English at Cambridge, who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent.
it also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon, and quite clearly in More's lexicon, the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous, and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn.
it is doubtful that < Utopia > is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr- indeed, it is likely that these days many who read < Utopia > with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr.
it overlooks the other fact that it is described as" < Nec minus salutaris quam festivus >"," no less salutary than gay".
it was at the end of the sidewalk in front of the Dellwood Cemetery cottage.
more aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business.
more believed that a man could be both serious and gay.
no records are available as to the date or extent of installation, but it may have been in 1896.
nothing came of it, perhaps due to lack of opportunity for water storage.
on June 14, 1900 the < Manchester Journal > reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for Edward S& Isham at" Ormsby Hill".
secondly, to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid brutalities of early sixteenth century wars, of the anguish of the poor and dispossessed, of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a callousness toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral imbecile and most surprising in More himself.
service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the" Gleason Telephone Company" in 1925, but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company, which eventually gained all control.
she was succeeded by Clarence Goyette.
since that time the telegraph office has shifted in location from the railroad station at the Depot and shops at the Center back to the town clerk's office and drugstore at the Village.
some who have written on < Utopia > have treated it as" a learned diversion of a learned world"," a phantasy with which More amused himself"," a holiday work, a spontaneous overflow of intellectual high spirits, a revel of debate, paradox, comedy and invention".
telephone wires from Louis Dufresne's house in East Manchester to the Dufresne lumber job near Bourn Pond were up about 1895.
that a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion, sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of.
the Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation, which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation.
the first directors of the Manchester Light and Power Company were John Marsden, M& L& Manley, William F& Orvis, George Smith, and John Blackmer.
the first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and Manley's store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset.
the first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in Reuben Colvin's and Houghton's gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point.
the latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19, 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers.
the next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street bridge.
the officers were John Marsden, president;
the old Morse system was replaced locally by the Simplex modern automatic method in 1929, when Ellamae Heckman ( Wilcox ) was manager of the Western Union office.
these must have been for local calls strictly, as in May 1900 the" only long distance telephone" in town was transferred from C& B& Carleton 's to Young's shoe store.
this eliminated toll calls between the two towns.
this was extended the following year to include the railroad station agent's office and Thayer's Hotel at Factory Point.
this was fortunate, as the Vail plant burned in 1905.
this was nearly completed May 23, 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10, but the first light did not go on until September 28.
this was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service.
with respect to this view, two points are worth making.
within a month, calls were up seventy per cent.
yet one has to go back only some sixty years.
" e& B&" compared John Brown to Moses in that they were both acting to deliver millions from oppression.
Elisha R& Potter was the Democratic candidate.
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens;
a week later the < Daily Journal > had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution.
although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections, they watched John Brown's trial with extreme interest.
although Utopian communism is both new in 1516 and also modern, it is not modern communism or even modern socialism, as they exist or have ever existed in theory or in practice.
concerning the sentence the editor asked," What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws, organized treason, and butchered her citizens".
concerning the sentence, Foss wrote," If it be possible **h that mercy shall override vengeance **h and that John Brown's sentence shall be commuted to imprisonment, it would be well- well for the country **h and for Virginia".
consider the features of Utopian communism: generous public provision for the infirm;
democratic and secret elections of all officers including priests, meals taken publicly in common refectories;
despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown, Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections.
during the Brown trial, however, the state 's most powerful Democratic newspaper, the Providence < Daily Post >, stated that Brown was a murderer, a man of blood, and that he and his associates, with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists, had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments.
during the Dorr trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and heralded Dorr as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence.
during the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution, it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in" E& B&'s" suggestion.
during the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of John Brown in the Rhode Island newspapers.
editor Foss stated," Of their guilt **h there can be no doubt **h but they are entitled to sufficient time to prepare for trial, and **h a fair trial".
even houses changed once a decade;
extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold.
for these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday, December 2, 1859.
he further called upon the people of Providence to rebuke the meeting and avoid disgrace.
if it failed on occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by majorities, the failure was due to a lingering remnant of the Know-Nothing party, which called itself the American Republican party.
in contrast to" E& B&", most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses.
in direct contrast to the other Rhode Island editors, Samuel S& Foss of the Woonsocket < Patriot > outwardly condemned the trial as being completely unfair.
in her letter to John Brown," E& B&", the Quakeress from Newport, had suggested that the American people owed more honor to John Brown for seeking to free the slaves than they did to George Washington.
in its account of the Trafton lecture, the Providence < Daily Post > said that the remarks of Rev& Trafton made the people indignant.
in many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church bells were tolled.
in reference to Brown's raid she wrote," though we are non-resistants and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by carnal weapons **h we know thee was anemated [ < sic > ] by the most generous and philanthropic motives".
in the eastern section of the state the newspapers' reaction to Brown's trial and sentence were basically identical.
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one".
it is not the details of Utopian communism that make < Utopia > modern, it is the spirit, the attitude of mind that informs those details.
j& Wheaton Smith, editor of the Warren < Telegraph > stated that" the ends of justice must be satisfied, a solitary example must be set, in order that all those misnamed philantropists [ < sic > ], who, actuated by a blind zeal, dare to instigate riot, treason, and murder, may heed it and shape their future course accordingly".
most attempts to develop any sympathy for Brown and his actions found an unresponsive audience in Rhode Island.
no private property, no money;
no sort of pricing at all for any goods or services, and therefore no market in the economic sense of the term.
no sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence < Daily Post >, for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy.
on December 2, 1859, John Brown was hanged at Charles Town, Virginia.
on November 22, 1859, the Providence < Daily Journal > stated that although Brown's" pluck" and honest fanaticism must be admired, any honor paid to Brown would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions.
on November 7, 1859, the Providence < Daily Journal > reprinted a letter sent to John Brown from" E& B&", a Quaker lady in Newport.
on October 31, 1859, John Brown was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia, inciting slave rebellion, and murder.
on Wednesday evening, November 23, 1859, in Warren, Rev& Mark Trafton of New Bedford, gave a" Mission of Sympathy" lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry insurrection.
on Wednesday morning, November 2, 1859, the Providence < Daily Journal > stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty, no man, however criminal, ought to suffer the penalty without a fairer trial.
six hours of manual labor a day for all but a handful of magistrates and scholars, and careful measures to prevent anyone from shirking;
such was not the case in Rhode Island.
the American Republicans and the Republicans both nominated Lieutenant-Governor Turner for governor.
the Newport < Mercury > exhibited more concern over the possibility of the abolitionists making a martyr of Brown than it did over the development of sympathy for him.
the Providence < Daily Journal > answered the < Daily Post > by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that" He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party, who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states".
the Providence < Daily Journal > stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident, the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace.
the Providence < Daily Journal >, however, stated that Brown's courage, bravery, and heroism" in a good cause would make a man a martyr;
the Providence < Daily Post > 's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring Brown was to be held in Providence.
the Providence < Daily Post > thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings.
the Warren < Telegraph > stated that many of Rev& Trafton's remarks were inappropriate and savored strongly of radicalism and fanaticism.
the Woonsocket < Patriot > admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment" but he should no more be hung than Henry A& Wise or James Buchanan".
the editor of the < Daily Journal > warned," **h that if such a demonstration be made, it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence".
the editor of the Newport < Advertiser > could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment.
the editor's main criticism of the trial was the haste with which it was conducted.
the readers of the Providence < Daily Post >, however, learned that it was generally conceded that" Old Brown" had a fair trial.
the results of the election of 1859 found Republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and lieutenant-governor but also obtaining the two Congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state.
the state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years.
the two major newspapers in Providence continued, throughout the crisis, to accuse each other of misrepresenting the facts and attempting to falsify history.
there was no doubt as to the control the Republican party exercised throughout the state.
upon receiving the news, Northern writers, editors, and clergymen heaped accusations of murder on the Southern states, particularly Virginia.
what that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history, the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity.
whatever the merits of its intent, Utopian communism is far too naive, far too crude, to suit any modern socialist or communist.
while the < Daily Post > continued to accuse Republicans and the < Daily Journal > continued to accuse Democrats, the Woonsocket < Patriot > complained that the Virginia authorities showed indecent and cowardly haste to condemn Brown and his men.
## Meanwhile, the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance.
## Out of this re-created literalness, the Cubist subject reemerged.
( Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper.
( this provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about" reality".
) and without high density in the core, rapid-transit systems cannot be maintained economically, let alone built from scratch at today's prices.
) but the inner, formal logic of Cubism, as it worked itself out through the collage, had just as much to do with shaping their decision.
Cubism, in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French, with justice, call" hermetic" ) was on the verge of abstract art.
all this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it.
analytical Cubism came to an end in the collage, but not conclusively;
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method, the subject itself became largely unrecognizable.
and independent silhouettes are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts ( if it does start from a subject ).
and the broad, opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane.
and there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot, which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines, is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory.
and wherever the new thruways go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry.
as it affects the city's fiscal situation, such an interchange is ruinous;
but anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days, and many businesses can live without the railroad.
but even before that, Picasso had glimpsed and entered, for a moment, a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him.
city planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might.
depicted, Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal, undepicted kind, but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind- and it does so, moreover, without depriving the latter of its literalness;
downtown Los Angeles is already two-thirds freeway, interchange, street, parking lot and garage- one of those preposterous" if" statistics has already come to pass.
flatness may now monopolize everything, but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself- at least an optical if not, properly speaking, a pictorial illusion.
for it had turned out, by a further paradox of Cubism, that the means to an illusion of depth and plasticity had now become widely divergent from the means of representation or imaging.
freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ), and reduce the acreage that can be taxed.
however, the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever.
if they opted for illusion, it could only be illusion per se- an illusion of depth, and of relief, so general and abstracted as to exclude the representation of individual objects.
if, on the other hand, they opted for representation, it had to be representation per se- representation as image pure and simple, without connotations ( at least, without more than schematic ones ) of the three-dimensional space in which the objects represented originally existed.
in ever greater numbers, factories are locating in the suburbs or in" industrial parks" removed from the city's political jurisdiction.
in order to be saved, plasticity had had to be isolated;
in the Analytical phase of their Cubism, Braque and Picasso had not only had to minimize three-dimensionality simply in order to preserve it;
in the end, Picasso and Braque plumped for the representational, and it would seem they did so deliberately.
it is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls" the highest and best use" of centrally located urban land.
it is merely the latest example of the leapfrog growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities.
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services.
it was as though, in that instant, he had felt the flatness of collage as too constricting and had suddenly tried to escape all the way back- or forward- to literal three-dimensionality.
it was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason- that is, because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a < shape > - that the identity of depicted objects, or at least parts of them, re-emerged in Braque's and Picasso's < papiers colles > and continued to remain more conspicuous there- but only as flattened silhouettes- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913.
it was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear: the representational could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become, for the first time, mutually exclusive alternatives.
it was then that Picasso and Braque were confronted with a unique dilemma: they had to choose < between > illusion and representation.
large planes juxtaposed with other large planes tend to assert themselves as < independent > shapes, and to the extent that they are flat, they also assert themselves as silhouettes;
left in their previous atom-like smallness, they would have cut away too abruptly into depth;
less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised, allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp.
nor did Synthetic Cubism fully begin there.
only when the collage had been exhaustively translated into oil, and transformed by this translation, did Cubism become an affair of positive color and flat, interlocking silhouettes whose legibility and placement created allusions to, if not the illusion of, unmistakable three-dimensional identities.
rather, it underpins and reinforces that literalness, re-creates it.
some time in 1912, Picasso cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar;
subways improved land values without taking away land;
synthetic Cubism began with Picasso alone, late in 1913 or early in 1914;
the affixed elements of collage were extruded, as it were, and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief.
the appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry, which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor.
the big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities- the rubber factories in Akron, Chrysler's Detroit plants, U&S&Steel's Pittsburgh works- often began on these sites at a time when < that > was the edge of the city, yet close to transport ( river ), storage ( piers ) and power ( river ).
the freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem, but it also acts inevitably as an artificial, isolating boundary.
the new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways, including the grade-constructed accesses, occupies by itself no less than < eighty acres > of downtown land, one-eighth of a square mile, an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York.
the railroad siding is still important- it is usually, though not always, true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper than trucking.
the truck and the car gave the manufacturer a new degree of freedom in selecting his plant site.
the" leapfrog" was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine, and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted.
they are all suburban plants, relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers.
they had also had to < generalize > it- to the point, finally, where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief < as such: > as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself.
this he did by using utterly literal means to carry the forward push of the collage ( and of Cubism in general ) < literally > into the literal space in front of the picture plane.
this movement of industry away from the central cities is not so catastrophically new as some prophets seem to believe.
this was the point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque, never again to relinquish it.
to light industry, the economies of being on one floor are much slighter, but efficiency engineers usually believe in them, and manufacturers looking for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers.
to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings, thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane.
until internal combustion became cheap, he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes.
when the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large, dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage, they had to coalesce- become" synthesized"- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane.
willow Run, General Electric's enormous installations at Louisville and Syracuse, the Pentagon, Boeing in Seattle, Douglas and Lockheed in Los Angeles, the new automobile assembly plants everywhere- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit.
Brumidi's son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and mutilated his father's designs, ambitiously coveting a bit he could claim for his very own.
Costaggini said it was Brumidi's fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle.
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting.
a brown hatching reinforces and broadens shadows, and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat.
a most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a greenhouse" mist spray" nozzle welded to a hose connection, to be used at low water pressure.
a second assistant mopped with two sponges.
a valve in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower.
and we were able to decide on some amplification of scale.
as it was, it took the pigment well for six hours, enough for our purpose, and held it firmly in setting.
at the very first, then, Brumidi was required, by the classically pyramidal shape of his central group, to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on Liberty's right, before starting on the allegorical figures themselves.
but to make it stiffer, of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking, we added a little hydrated lime- hard on the hands, but we could see no other disadvantage.
cartoons were drawn full size, after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities.
every few days, in the early morning, as the work progressed, twenty men would appear to push it ahead and to shift the plank foundation that distributed its weight widely on the Rotunda pavement, supported as it is by ancient brick vaulting.
experience showed, however, that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven.
figure 1 was taken in 1953.
for convenience we chose a stronger pigment, unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi, titanium oxide, reserving the active lime white for highest lights, put on at the end of the day's stint.
ground together they made a strong adhesive, which became waterproof in drying.
here he put a small man, whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful, until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning, this was to be the closing figure of the party of" forty-niners", and was to hold a basket.
in older Italian practice, lime, dried and reground" bianco sangiovanni", entered into such prepared shades.
in our own practice, to have the last" intonaco" plaster coat thick enough to match, and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying, we found that it had to be put on in two layers, letting the first set awhile before applying the second.
in painting a fresco, the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right, not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering.
in parts a repeated sponging was needed, but everywhere we found that water alone was enough to restore the original brightness.
it could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster, one half inch, and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by Cennino Cennini in the 14th Century, and current in Italy to this day.
it was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks, and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation, with a mortar, one part slaked lime, three parts sand, to be put on in two layers.
it was obvious that to match Brumidi, white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones.
later Brumidi and Costaggini will be seen coping with this same problem.
later it was gratifying to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came.
lime white, hard and brilliant, has a tendency to" jump" away from the other colors in drying, and also by its capacity to set, to preclude the use of ready-made gradations, so useful in decorative work.
moreover, all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his.
no soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions.
nothing could be seen from the floor, but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses;
on the right is the Brumidi Liberty group, as it looked after cleaning operations, which had not yet come around to the other end;
on this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor, after a first dusting, we began to wash.
one had to manage the given subjects, three diverse recent events, so as to make them part of a classical frieze,- that is, a pattern of large figures filling the space, with not much else, against a blank background.
one is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there, left for our century to finish.
one man sprayed, with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting.
one sees Costaggini 's rendering of the same figure more than thirty feet away.
other pigments were mostly raw umber, some burnt umber, and a little yellow ochre.
painting" a secco" is much in evidence.
some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us;
that is, they used opaque color throughout, getting solid highlights with active lime white.
the first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze, a jumble of roughcast and finish coats, all in bad condition.
the fixed wooden scaffold was removed, and, so as to reach all the frieze, one of pipe, on wheels, built up from the floor.
the mortar was three parts sand to two of lime.
the new part is finished.
the painting" a fresco" stood up superbly;
the photograph, Figure 1 of the completed frieze, shows how, having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years, he has now been given a hand, and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ), given a new job, to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903.
the scaffold was the length of the space to be painted.
the scaffolding, a confusion of heavy beams hanging from the gallery above, was strong and safe, but obscured visibility.
the startlingly bright effect of the first washings led the Committee to order the rest of the Brumidi-Costaggini cycle cleaned and restored to go with them.
the use of" secco" we tried to restrict to covering joints.
there was some difficulty here.
these may be consulted in the office of the Architect of the Capitol, or the Library of Congress.
this brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint.
this last was probably not in Brumidi's palette, but was needed to take the chill, bluish look off the new work next to the old, where softening effects of time were seen, even after thorough cleaning.
this question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted, presumably in Brumidi's hand, above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing, which has been kept.
to be sure of matching color as well as form, pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast, and large samples painted in fresco, then left two months to dry out to their final key.
washed, they came out surprisingly clear and bright.
we made it by Doerner's recipe, five parts thoroughly washed cheese curd to one of lime putty;
we were forced, as they were, to work a good deal of tempera into background and dark areas.
what bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order, though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust.
when it was all arranged to fit, and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze, the cartoons were tried in place.
where, of Costaggini, only some foliage has been washed, at the point where his work stopped.
whose ever fault, it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his" histories" and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold.
## < The Sane Society > is an ambitious work.
Fromm seems unaware of these developments.
Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation, the separation of ownership from control, and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control, ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership.
I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work.
I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in, any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations.
I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion.
I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the book's character and therefore must be mentioned.
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis, then argue that, granted these weaknesses, he still has much left that is valuable, and, finally, raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation.
a careful and orderly man, who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility, might easily be put off by such a book.
a work so broad, even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision, must necessarily" fail".
almost no empirical work has been done on the problem of alienation.
and, furthermore, I could not presume the implication that I spoke for American artists as a group.
artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion;
as a matter of fact, we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists.
as artists we feel the same obligation, as do other individuals, in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation.
but certainly, all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us, but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding.
considered as an independent variable, how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life?
despite its rather long intellectual history, alienation is still a promising hypothesis and not a verified theory.
even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots, errors of fact and argument, important exclusions, areas of ignorance and prejudice, undue emphases on trivia, examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence, and the like.
for all these points he relies exclusively on Berle and Means's study of 1932, < The Modern Corporation and Private Property >.
here, perhaps, Fromm is vulnerable, for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available, and he sometimes selects and interprets the evidence in rather special ways.
how widespread is alienation?
in spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you, we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit.
in stating this position, we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect.
it is a simple matter, for one so disposed, to take a work like < The Sane Society > and shred it into odds and ends.
it is worthwhile to recall that Fromm's treatment has both descriptive and normative aspects.
it was only after we had responded, with what I fear were similar cliches, that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U&S& Government in Cuba and Laos.
it would be superfluous to build a critique around them.
it would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush, and that, after all, is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset.
its scope is as broad as the question: what does it mean to live in modern society?
like yourselves, we have pride and love for our country.
nor do I think that alienation is nothing more than a projection of the malaise of the intellectual.
nor need the critic be captious.
our presence here should also be considered further, sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer, peaceful ties among all people.
she did not go so far as to say, as was done on other occasions, that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U&S&S&R& Pozatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere.
she retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there.
since I have already discussed his moral position, that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages, which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment.
such books are easy prey for critics.
taking alienation as a dependent variable, with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated?
that could be easily done, but there is little reason in it.
the broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed, but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support, has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference, and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area.
the following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad:" we have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways.
the idea has received much attention in philosophy, in literature, and in a few works of general social criticism, such as < The Sane Society >.
the presiding female functionary, of massive proportions and forbidding appearance, initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts.
the thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family- a motley jumble of discarded objects, some outworn and some that were never useful, some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished, some odd pieces whose history no one remembers, here and there a gem, everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users.
there are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization.
this gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction.
three examples follow.
to have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time.
to many of us, this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom.
to save time, some clarification seemed necessary.
unfortunately she returned later, just as I had taken advantage of the friendlier atmosphere in the room by stating that perhaps an unexpected result of the Cultural Exchange Program would be the re-emergence of Abstract Art in Russia, with Social Realism regaining dominance in the U&S&.
until our Moscow experience, I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or informally.
until such evidence appears, we must make do with the evidence we have.
until such work is done, there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual, who, rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society, projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen.
we are acutely aware that yours is a society which, in spite of several wars and many privations, has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world.
we are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals.
we have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to acquaint you with that of ours.
we were to discover, in fact, that quite a number of people share with us the impression that, in contrast to other Soviet regions, Moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official.
what is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population?
what is missing is work that would answer, presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales, such questions as these: what are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation?
while we, as American artists, believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity, we would be less than honest with you, or ourselves, if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole.
your past history is resplendent with the fruits of the intellect.
your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements.
( we can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's.
) Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine, but he pulls himself together when the need arises.
Boris' first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene, with its dazzling confusion of tonalities.
Missail is the straight man, not very talkative, mild-mannered when he does speak.
Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action.
Pimen is an old man, weak in body- his voice rarely rises to a full < forte > - but firm and clear of mind.
Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause- and their tactics are much the same.
Rangoni begins by describing the sad state of the Church;
Rangoni's first entrance is a musical shock, a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it.
Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together, in a straightforward, rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen.
Varlaam is loud, rowdy, uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same.
a clever naturalistic touch is Varlaam 's labored reading of the warrant.
a quiet but sturdy theme, somewhat folklike in character, appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life: @ This theme comes to represent the outer world, the realm of battles and banquets- seen from a distance, quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery.
a rough < ostinato > figure, heard first in the introduction to the inn scene, characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action: @ The Song of Kazan, in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment, fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits.
another theme, sinuously chromatic, appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means, even at the cost of her honor.
apparently their origin is humble, their approach to life direct and unsophisticated.
as if in a trance, she repeats his words- then realizes, with a shock, her own audacity.
as the child addresses the shepherd in a dream, light- in the form of the major mode- begins to appear, and at the moment of the miracle we hear a clear and shining D major.
as the knack gradually comes back to him, his rhythm becomes steadier, with the rigid monotony of an unskilled reader.
at once the Jesuit pulls out all the stops.
both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song;
coming from a priest, the music sounds as odd as the advice: @ Marina rebels at this suggestion.
curiously, this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time, the scene between Amonasro and Aida.
each musical setting has an individual touch.
for the only time in the opera, words are < not > set according to their natural inflection;
he addresses Marina with great deference, calling her" Princess" at first;
he speaks quietly, concealing his authority beneath a smooth humility, just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them.
her pride is as much at stake as her virtue;
here the composer uses a favorite device of his, the intensification of the mood through key relationships.
his calmness offers contrast to Grigori's youthful excitement.
his music shows a sensuality coupled with an eerie quality that suggest somehow a blood-kinship with Dappertutto in Offenbach's < Hoffman >.
his personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina, who is- perhaps purposely- rather superficially characterized.
his speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters;
in spite of the Italian name, he sounds French.
indignantly she denounces Rangoni for his evil thoughts and orders him to leave her.
it changes and develops according to the text;
it introduces Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act.
it is a phrase as arresting as a magician's gesture, with a piquant turn of harmony giving an effect of strangeness.
it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name, placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father.
it rarely speaks as a unit.
musically and dramatically, Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam.
now Rangoni comes to the point, and we hear, for the first time, a long, downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power.
once he has been identified, however, a new melody is used to accompany his narrative, a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect: @ An imaginative storyteller, Pimen takes on the character he describes, as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure.
one reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression.
she is the unattainable beauty, the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen.
the combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her, and she falls terrified at his feet.
the conflict is not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child, but Boris versus the Russian people.
the effect is as if he had materialized out of nowhere.
the most unusual feature of < Boris >, however, is the use of the greatest character of all, the chorus.
the music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood: it is she, he tells her, who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics.
the original D minor seems to symbolize blindness, inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it.
the phrasing is irregular, and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness.
their begging song might easily be a folk melody: @ The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene.
this brings a reaction of distress from Marina.
this is no assignment for a frivolous girl, she assures him.
this is the real protagonist of the drama;
to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene.
to music of a menacing darkness, he describes the powers of Satan gaining control of the girl, poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty.
under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other;
we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene, when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love duet, again throwing a chill over the atmosphere.
we have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality, the" official Boris", but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd- a signigicant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene, its bitter resentment and fury in the final act.
whatever learning they may have had in their order does n't disturb them now.
whatever the source of Rangoni's power, Marina is his captive now;
with another sudden change of mood, he is again calm and protective, exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction.
" disaffiliation", by the way, is the term used by the critic and poet, Lawrence Lipton, who has written several articles on this subject, the first of which, in the < Nation, > quoted as epigraph," We disaffiliate **h"- John L& Lewis.
" evil, man, evil", he said, and that 's all he said for the rest of the night.
" neutral Tones" is an excellent example of Hardy's mature style, drawn from his earliest productive period;
" neutral Tones" we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy 's most characteristic style: the plain but not quite colloquial language, the hard, particular, colorless images, the slightly odd stanza-form, the dramatic handling of the occasion, the refusal to resolve the issue- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems.
" what happened, man"?
Hardy 's two productive decades were separated by forty years, yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself- it was a narrowing, not an expanding process.
Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private;
Hardy was not Hardy very often.
I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as Yeats did ), but that he simply learned to use better what he already had.
I said, referring to the pretentious" Jazz Concert".
about dawn he got up to blow.
after 1895 the number increases, and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem- 1903, when Hardy was at work on < The Dynasts >.
almost anyone could have written it;
and on Christmas Day, 1890, Hardy wrote:" while thinking of resuming ' the viewless wings of poesy ' before dawn this morning, new horizons seemed to open, and worrying pettinesses to disappear" ( < Early Life, > p& 302 ).
and the First World War.
being with him was like being swept away by a torrent of falling stones.
both of them were my friends.
both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves, because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art.
but the mood is not quite nostalgic- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the irredeemable pastness of the past, and the eternal deadness of the dead.
critically invisible, modern revolt, like X-rays and radioactivity, is perceived only by its effects at more materialistic social levels, where it is called delinquency.
during the poetically sterile years he was writing novels at the rate of almost one a year and was, in addition, burdened with bad health ( he spent six months in bed in 1881, too ill to do more than work slowly and painfully at < A Laodicean > ).
he sometimes called them" an expiation", and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals.
if it is somber, it is also precise, and the precision lends authority to the vision.
if the word deliberate means anything, both of them certainly deliberately destroyed themselves.
in the 1860-70 decade there are many poems like" Revulsion", but there is only one" Neutral Tones".
in the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world;
in" Revulsion", on the other hand, the pessimism is a case not proven;
it asserts emotion without evoking it- that is to say, it is sentimental.
it had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter.
it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the sonnet form, but it is entirely undistinguished and entirely unlike Hardy.
it is obviously a young man's poem, written out of books and not out of experience;
it is smoother than Hardy usually is, but with the smoothness of anonymity.
it may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies, but we have it on Hardy's own authority that" **h he was a child till he was sixteen, a youth till he was five-and-twenty, and a young man till he was nearly fifty" ( < Early Life, > p& 42 ).
like a wise gardener, Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs, and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited, and let the main stock of his talent flourish.
like about half of the 1860-70 poems, it is a sonnet on a conventional theme- the unhappiness of love.
like the pillars of Hercules, like two ruined Titans guarding the entrance to one of Dante's circles, stand two great dead juvenile delinquents- the heroes of the post-war generation: the great saxophonist, Charlie Parker, and Dylan Thomas.
living in San Francisco I saw them seldom enough to see them with a perspective which was not distorted by exasperation or fatigue.
mrs& Hardy records that" **h at the end of November [ 1881 ] he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible" ( < Early Life, > p& 188 );
so as the years passed, I saw them each time in the light of an accelerated personal conflagration.
the death of Emma Hardy in 1912, which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry;
the details of the setting of" Neutral Tones" are not, strictly speaking, metaphorical, but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love, and in this way love and weather, the emotions and the elements, symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems (" Weathers"," The Darkling Thrush", and" During Wind and Rain", for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( < Far From the Madding Crowd > is full of scenes constructed in this way ).
the elegiac tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice, and it is not surprising that the 1912-13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his.
the fire of love is dead, and Hardy stands, as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence, over the burnt circle of charred sticks, and thinks of past happiness and present grief, honest and uncomforted.
the language is the conventional language of the form;
the last time I saw Bird, at Jimbo's Bob City, he was so gone- so blind to the world- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there.
the last time I saw Dylan, his self-destruction had not just passed the limits of rationality.
the poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction, yet it is obviously < not > ordinary speech- only Hardy would say" a grin of bitterness swept thereby an ominous bird a-wing", or" wrings with wrong", or would describe a winter sun as" God-curst".
the poem offers nothing to persuade us of the speaker's right to speak as he does.
the poems are, the epigraph tells us, the" traces of an ancient flame";
the range of the later poetry is considerably narrower, but the number of successful poems is far greater.
the rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody spiraled through it.
the second productive period, the decade from 1910 to 1920, can be related to three events: the completion of < The Dynasts > in 1909, which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years;
the view is always toward the past;
the" Poems of 1912-13" offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade.
there are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems.
there are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the ' 80 's- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction- but none in 1891, the year of < Tess >, and only one in 1895, the year of < Jude >.
there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem.
there is not much to be said for" Revulsion".
these are the poems Hardy wrote after the death of his first wife;
they are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in < Satires of Circumstance > ) and the publication of the < Collected Poems >.
they compose a painful elegy to what might have been, to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness, and ended in long years of suffering and hatred.
two entries in the < Early Life > support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry.
we can see the general characteristics of the earlier decade if we look at two poems of very different qualities:" revulsion" ( 1866 ) and" Neutral Tones" ( 1867 ).
we may carry this sequence one step further and say that at seventy he was a poet at the height of his powers, wanting only the impetus of two tragedies, one personal, the other national, to loose those powers in poetry.
ANGLO-SAXON and Greek epic each provide on two occasions a seemingly authentic account of the narration of verse in the heroic age.
Hrothgar's court bard sings of the encounters at Finnsburg ( lines 1068-1159 ), and improvises the tale of Beowulf's exploits in a complimentary comparison of the Geatish visitor with Sigemund ( lines 871-892 );
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today.
Milman Parry rigorously defended the observation that the extant Homeric poems are largely formulaic, and was led to postulate that they could be shown entirely formulaic if the complete corpus of Greek epic survived;
a Pollock is an object of art- bijouterie- disguised only by its great size.
a Tiepolo painting, however confabulated, is a universe of tensions in vast depths.
a process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long.
alcinou^s' court bard sings of the discovered adultery of Ares and Aphrodite ( < Odyssey > 8,.266-366 ), and takes up a tale of Odysseus while the Ithacan wanderer listens on ( < Odyssey > 8,.499-520 ).
any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen.
assonance seems nearly as severe a curb, although in a celebrated passage William of Malmesbury declares that a < Song of Roland > was intoned before the battle commenced at Hastings.
at its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface.
at one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in America to blow like Bird.
but it is obvious that they were self-deluded.
but the oral poet cannot pause;
but we can say that since a writing poet, with leisure before him, would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution, the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition.
continuity exits, but like the neo-swing music developed from Lester Young, it is a continuity sustained by popular demand.
either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines, because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns.
even before his death this influence had begun to ebb.
even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage, it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition.
he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition, and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas.
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort.
in fact, once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall, it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper.
in fact, the whole generation of the founding fathers of bop- Gillespie, Monk, Davis, Blakey, and the rest- are just now at a considerable discount.
in the plastic arts, a very similar situation exists.
it is curious that at its best, the work of this school of painting- Mark Rothko, Jackson Pollock, Clyfford Still, Robert Motherwell, Willem de-Kooning, and the rest- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite unimpressive painters: the mother-of-pearl shimmer in the background of a Henry McFee, itself a formula derived from Renoir;
its poverty shows up immediately when compared with Tiepolo, where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power.
limited to a few thousand lines of heroic verse in Anglo-Saxon as in the other Germanic dialects, we cannot say how frequently the kennings in < Beowulf > recurred in contemporary epic on the same soil.
many of the post-World War 2, abstract expressionists, apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard, look alike, and do look like accidents.
no individual word in the < Iliad > or the < Odyssey > can be credited to any one man;
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ.
nothing in all this is autobiographical: unlike the poets of < Deor > and < Widsith >, the poet of < Beowulf > is not concerned with his own identity;
nothing looks anything like an Ernst or an Arp but another Ernst or Arp.
nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion.
now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper.
often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute painteresque values.
once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals, the accidents of painting.
one of the greatest Homerists of our time, Frederick M& Combellack, argues that when it is assumed the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey > are oral poems, the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing.
other synonyms could of course serve the same function, and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest poss1ble sense, and name, for example, < Gar-Dene > a kenning for the Danes.
proceeding from Parry's conclusions and adopting one of his schemata, Francis P& Magoun, Jr&, argues that < Beowulf > likewise was created from a legacy of oral formulas inherited and extended by bards of successive generations, and the thesis is striking and compelling.
since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter, there is prima-facie evidence that < Beowulf > and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition.
so, in the last couple of years, abstract expressionism has tended toward romantic suggestion- indications of landscape or living figures.
surrealists like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard- of composing pictures by walking on them with painted soles, or by tossing bits of paper up in the air.
that such a tradition lies behind the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey >, at least, is hard to deny.
the Anglo-Saxon alliterative line and the Homeric hexameter probably imposed less of a restraint;
the Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings, which provided for the difficulties of alliteration;
the Homeric poet had epithets, which provided for recurring needs in the hexameter.
the aesthetic appeal of pure paint laid on at random may exist, but it is a very impoverished appeal.
the bondage endurable by an oral poet is to be estimated only by a very skilful oral poet, but it appears safe to assume that no sustained narrative in rhyme could be composed without extreme difficulty, even in a language of many terminal inflections.
the cubist generation before World War 1,, and, on a lower level, the surrealists of the period between the wars, both assumed an accepted universe of discourse, in which, to quote Andre Breton, it was possible to make definite advances, exactly as in the sciences.
the great Ashikaga brush painters painted wallpapers, too- at least portable ones, screens.
the main line of development today goes back to Lester Young and by-passes them.
the poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame.
the poet of the < Odyssey >, reputed blind, reveals himself not at all in singing of the blind minstrel Demodocus.
the point is that many of the most impressive developments in the arts nowadays are aberrant, idiosyncratic.
the quest of the historical Homer is likely never to have further success;
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent.
the verse of < Beowulf > or of the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey > was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood.
there is just more to Tiepolo.
there is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard, or for that matter, from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein.
this observation is of interest not only to students of Homeric poetry but to students of Anglo-Saxon poetry as well.
verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction, but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents, and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language.
yet a fresh inspection will indicate one crucial amendment: < Beowulf > and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent.
yet certain aids were valuable and quite credibly necessary for reciting long stretches of verse without a pause.
you have only to compare such painting with the work of, say, Sesshu, to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly.
#RESERVATION OF INDEX WORDS AND ELECTRONIC SWITCHES# The assignment of actual addresses to symbolic index word and electronic switch names occurs in Phase 3, of the Autocoder processor.
( 1 ) Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may" softly creep **h his way to him and tear him open", ( 1 )" imbruing his hands" ( 2 ) in him.
( 1 ) Pip's great expectations, his progress through illusion and disillusionment, turn, somewhat as they do for the naive hero of Dreiser's < American Tragedy >, upon the lure of genteel prosperity through unearned income- what Wemmick calls" portable property" and what Jaggers reproaches Pip for letting" slip through [ his ] fingers".
( 26 ) Jaggers' iron control over her (" **h she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him, hesitatingly, as if she dreaded his calling her back **h".
( 3 ) Held upside down in the graveyard, Pip clings in terror" with both hands" ( 1 ) to his convict;
( 35 ) Pip's abject leave-taking of Miss Havisham, during which he kneels to kiss her hand, signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour;
( 39 ) Orlick slouches about the forge" like Cain" with" his hands in his pockets", ( 15 ) and when he shouts abuse at Mrs& Joe for objecting to his holiday, she claps her hands in a tantrum, beats them" upon her bosom and upon her knees", ( 15 ) and clenches them in her husband's hair.
( 53 ) Orlick might almost be Magwitch's bogy man come alive, a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt.
( 55 ) Since a gentleman must, if possible, avoid sullying them by work, his hands, as importantly as his accent, become the index of social status.
( 58 ) Pip first learns" the stupendous power of money" from the sycophantic tailor, Mr& Trabb, whose brutality to his boy helper exactly matches the financial resource of each new customer, and whose fawning hands touch" the outside of each elbow" ( 19 ) and" rub" Pip out of the shop.
( 8 ) Pip imagines how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands, roughened by work in the smithy, and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip struggles- idleness and work, artificiality and naturalness, gentility and commonness, coldness and affection- in fact, between Satis House and the forge.
) ( 19 ) in effusive congratulation to Pip on his expectations.
) ( 26 ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails.
Dickens lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene.
Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip 's five little dead brothers" who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle", who seemed to have" all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets, and had never taken them out in this state of existence".
Dickens, for excellent psychological reasons, never fully reveals Magwitch's felonious past, but Pip, at the convict's climactic reappearance in London, shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears" might be stained with blood".
Magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice.
Orlick shakes his hand at Pip, bangs the table with his fist, draws his unclenched hand" across his mouth as if his mouth watered" for his victim, lets his hands hang" loose and heavy at his sides", and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows" of the slightest action of his fingers".
Pip himself is to feel the terror of Orlick's" murderous hand" ( 53 ) in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes.
Pumblechook's hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement.
_2._ The one- two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is < always > an index word or electronic switch, e&g&, @ _3._ The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of an EQU statement, e&g&, @ When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above, the position or order of the statements within the program is not important;
_CONTINUATION CARDS_ Certain Autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be contained in the operand ( columns 21-75 ) of a single line on the Autocoder coding sheet.
a variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge.
additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106.
almost the first step in the corruption of Pip's values is the unworthy shame he feels when Estella cruelly remarks the coarseness of his hands:" they had never troubled me before, but they troubled me now, as vulgar appendages".
any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass.
as Pip agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed, his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost, transforming it into" a phantom devoting me to the Hulks".
at the end of this pass, the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references.
both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways: _1._ The initial setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment.
but only in one of its aspects is < Great Expectations > a tale of violence, revenge, and retribution.
during the assignment pass of Phase 3,, index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment.
during the first pass of Phase 3,, references to the < actual > addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is updated.
finally, Magwitch's pursuit of Compeyson, his archenemy and betrayer, begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his" laying his hand on his cloak to identify him", ( 54 ) thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which Compeyson drowns.
i&e&, it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet.
if a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards, the compiler will generate a NOP and issue an error message.
illustration of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples illustrating the various statements.
in both cases the finger-post represents Pip 's heightened awareness of contrary magnetisms.
incidentally, one cannot miss the significance of this gesture, for Dickens reintroduces it associatively in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis- his painful recognition, in a talk with Herbert Pocket, that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as self-destructive as it is romantic.
index words 97 through 99 are not available.
index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways.
it is the similarity between Estella's hands and Molly 's (" The action of her fingers was like the action of knitting" ) ( 48 ) that provides Pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of Satis House.
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending.
money, so important a theme elsewhere in Dickens, is here central, and hands are often associated in some way with the false values- acquisitiveness, snobbery, self-interest, hypocrisy, toadyism, irresponsibility, injustice- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth.
remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces.
since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds, hands naturally represent action, and since nearly half the characters in < Great Expectations > are of the underworld or closely allied to it, the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at.
the declarative operation EQU is used to equate symbolic names to item numbers ( see page 85 ).
the first two methods apply to both index words and electronic switches;
the following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items: channel, unit, combined channel and unit, combined arm and file, unit record synchronizers, inquiry synchronizers, and alteration switches.
the initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape.
the initial setting of this table may be altered, however, as described in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin" IBM 7070 Compiler System: operating Procedure", form J28-6105.
the label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21;
the operand need not extend across the entire operand column of either the header card or continuation cards but may end with the comma following any parameter.
the respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette, and, upon taking up the life of a London gentleman, Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that" the spoon is not generally used over-hand, but under".
the scarred, disfigured wrists of Mr& Jaggers' housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past, for her master, coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests, makes a point of the" force of grip there is in these hands".
the vulturelike attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss Havisham is summed up in the hypocritical gestures of Miss Camilla Pocket, who puts her hand to her throat in a feigned spasm of grief-stricken choking, then lays it" upon her heaving bosom" with" an unnatural fortitude of manner", ( 11 ) and finally kisses it to Miss Havisham in a parody of the lady's own mannerism toward Estella.
this last" rampage" is only the prelude to the vicious blow upon her head," dealt by some unknown hand" ( 15 ) whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action- the tracing of Orlick's hammer upon a slate.
this table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references;
through such details Dickens indicates at the outset that guilt is a part of the ironic bond between Pip and Magwitch which is so unpredictably to alter both their lives.
thus, when specifically permitted, the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow.
we first see him shaking Mrs& Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands" for the hundredth time at least" (" May I- < may > I-"?
we take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune, extending his hand" with a magnificently forgiving air" and exhibiting" the same fat five fingers", one of which he identifies with" the finger of Providence" and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's <" ingratitoode" > and his own generosity as Pip's <" earliest benefactor" >.
when the snobbery that alienates Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love, the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which Pip exclaims" No, do n't wipe it off- for God's sake, give me your blackened hand"!
when this is the case, the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that" Continuation Cards" may be used.
when, on the journey to London that immediately follows, he pauses nostalgically to lay his hand upon the finger-post at the end of the village, the wooden pointer symbolically designates a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity.
#ANALYSES# Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals.
#MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION# Routine microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by McKinney and Gram for the various types of protozoa.
#PILOT LAGOON# The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage.
#PILOT PLANT OPERATIONS# The BOD of the influent to the pilot plant varied between 110 and 710 mg l with an average of 350 mg l. this was equivalent to 240 mg l BOD on a 24- hr basis.
#RED BRIDGE SUBDIVISION# With the development of the Red Bridge Subdivision south of Kansas City, Missouri, the developer was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal.
a single 24- hr composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical.
a skimming device at the effluent weir prevented loss of most of these light solids.
as construction progresses, the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced.
at the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities.
efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6- hr composite sample.
examination of the data in Table 1, shows that a few samples contributed to raising the effluent BOD.
examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6- hr composite samples with 24- hr operations.
grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions.
ice caused the aerator to overload, straining the drive belts.
in the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors.
initially, the wastewater would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses increasing over an 18-month period.
it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume.
it appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active microbial solids with the heavier, less active solids settling out.
it seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system.
it was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae.
it was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development.
later, Eckenfelder increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months.
needless to say, the organic load was very low on a volumetric basis, but was 270 lb BOD on a surface loading basis.
recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer.
removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg l BOD.
since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations, the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds.
the BOD in the drainage ditch receiving the pilot plant effluent averaged 12 mg l. this low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study.
the BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg l, a 76-per cent reduction over the 24- hr period.
the BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision.
the aerator had a variable-speed drive to permit operation through a range of speeds.
the anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate.
the average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be 14.5 days.
the average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg l while MLSS averaged 170 mg l volatile suspended solids.
the composite samples were normally collected over a 6- hr period, but an occasional 24- hr composite was made.
the data indicated that the organic load during the 6- hr composites was essentially 50 per cent of the 24- hr organic load.
the effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch.
the flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1,.
the increase in oxygen uptake rates from 1.2 to 2.6 mg l hr which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to resuspension of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds.
the large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem.
the large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer.
the long retention period and the complete mixing concept prevented rapid changes in either the mixed liquor or in the effluent.
the major contributor was a shopping center with houses being added to the system as the subdivision developed.
the organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of BOD or about 2 lb BOD cu ft aeration capacity.
the oxidation pond has a surface area of 4.77 acres and a depth of 4 ft. the pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre.
the oxygen uptake rate in the mixed liquor averaged 0.8 mg l hr during the first four months of this study.
the periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted.
the pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period.
the pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area.
the pilot plant was a circular lagoon 81 ft in diam at the surface and 65 ft in diam at the bottom, 4 ft below the surface, with a volume of 121,000 gal. the side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated with asphalt to prevent erosion.
the pilot plant was equipped with a 3- hp turbine aerator ( Figure 2 ).
the raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents.
the retention period in the aerated lagoon ranged from 9.8 to 2.6 days, averaging 6.4 days.
the sewage flow into the treatment plant was metered and continuously recorded on 24- hr charts.
the sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years.
the slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage.
the suspended solids discharged in the effluent were found to be the major source of the BOD.
the vegetables were not readily metabolized by the bacteria in the aeration unit and tended to float on the surface.
their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen hr hp. O 'Connor and Eckenfelder discussed the use of aerated lagoons for treating organic wastes.
they indicated that a 4-day retention, aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction.
this necessitated the construction of temporary sewage treatment facilities with an expected life from 5 to 15 yr. for the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1.
this operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant, with a slowly increasing load, over a reasonable period of time.
variations in aerator speeds during the latter two months of this study caused increased mixing and increased oxygen demand.
weekly samples would make any changes more readily discernible than daily samples.
with the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers.
## < Intelligence >, as used herein, will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations.
#PRINCIPLES INVOLVED IN AN OVER-ALL CONCEPT# That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare.
#SUPPORTING ELEMENTS IN ASW OPERATIONS# To this point the need for an over-all plan for submarine defense has been demonstrated, the mission has been stated, broad principles delineating its content laid down, and the supporting elements listed.
Communist target areas can be assumed, but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions.
Russia possesses the preponderance of submarines in the world, divided between her various fleets.
a concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot.
a program is needed to translate the results of oceanographic research into tactical and operating instructions.
all capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then.
antisubmarine warfare does not involve clashes between large opposing forces, with the decision a result of a single battle.
approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid, because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions, but under the conditions most advantageous to him.
as detection ranges increase, weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges.
attack can come from almost any direction against many locations.
before considering these elements in more detail, an additional requirement should be stated.
but it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically.
conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces.
consequently, the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile.
destruction of the enemy's building and base complex, however, requires attacks on enemy territory, which is possible only in event of all-out hostilities.
elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements.
environmental intelligence is just as important.
full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side, resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics, a decrease in enemy capabilities, and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment.
gathering intelligence is important, but of equal importance is its translation into usable form.
good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning, greatly reduce force requirements, and increase tactical effectiveness.
in submarine defense these must have maximum stress.
in transit or on station, it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act.
initially, having fewer units of some elements- especially submarines- than the opponent, our capabilities need to be sufficiently greater than theirs, so that the exchange will be in our favor.
it is a war of attrition, of single actions, of an exchange of losses.
it is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building, at bases, in transit, and on station.
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs, scientific progress, and changes in world conditions.
its speed has increased, it operates at increasingly greater depths, its submerged endurance is becoming unlimited, and it will become even more silent.
large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks.
logically, then, the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area.
no element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense.
numbers would be astronomical and current fiscal policies make this an impractical solution.
other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases.
progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging, but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information.
shipbuilding, aircraft procurement, and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything.
since effective area coverage appears fairly remote, the requirement can be borne in mind while considering the elements: air, surface, sub-surface, fixed installations, mines, and intelligence.
some are also in Albania and others are on loan to Egypt.
some elements support the others, but all have limitations.
some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another.
temperature, wind, oxygen content, depth, bottom character, and animal life are the chief environmental variables.
the Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage.
the missile can gradually be expected to replace the torpedo.
the next developments will probably be in weaponry.
the ocean presently co-operates with the target.
the seventh principle of the plan is self-evident;
the submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2,.
the world is constantly changing;
there may be others.
therefore the second principle of the plan must be that, while providing for all-out hostilities, its effectiveness is not dependent on general war.
therefore, any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur.
therefore, because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required, the plan should provide for expanding area coverage.
therefore, improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and, as it supports all other elements, rates a top priority.
therefore, the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent.
therefore, the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions, in the area, at the time of encounter.
therefore, the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination.
therefore, the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements.
therefore, the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types, unless at an assured favorable exchange rate.
these are arranged approximately in the order of the vociferousness of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result.
these can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence.
these variations must eventually be measured horizontally as well as vertically.
this exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units.
variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature, because more of the variables would be encompassed.
what was new yesterday is obsolescent today.
( ATP ) responsible for delivering energy to the mechanochemically active proteins of muscle, has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of alcohols and water.
( Hershel Markovitz, D&J& Plazek, Haruo Nakayasu ) #GEOCHEMISTRY# _TRACE ELEMENTS IN TEKTITES, METEORITES, AND RELATED MATERIALS_- The results of microanalysis of tektites ( natural glasses of unknown origin ) for gallium and germanium have shown that these glasses are probably produced from terrestrial ( or less likely from lunar ) matter by impact of a celestial body.
( Lauri Vaska, E& M& Sloane, J& W& DiLuzio ) In the absence of direct evidence to the contrary, decomposition of solvent alcohol < and > coordination of its fragments to the metal were not considered, following the above heretofore-accepted assumption in preparative coordination chemistry.
( Robert Chiang, J& B& Jackson, P& J& Flory ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( M& J& Richardson ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length.
( a& J& Cohen, John Anania ) #INORGANIC CHEMISTRY# Preparation of a coordination compound is often accomplished by the simple method of reacting a metal salt with a ligand in a suitable solvent such as an alcohol.
( c& A& J& Hoeve, A& A& Blumberg ) _CRYSTALLIZATION IN POLYMERS AND COPOLYMERS_- The crystallization of copolymers comprising **f units interspersed with a minor percentage of **f is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter.
( c& A& J& Hoeve, P& J& Flory ) _ANIONIC POLYMERIZATION_- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution.
( j& A& Laswick, N& L& Heatwole ) #STRUCTURE AND PROPERTIES OF MACROMOLECULES# _ELASTICITY OF MACROMOLECULAR NETWORKS_- The theory of elasticity of Gaussian networks has been developed on a more general basis and the equations of state relating variables of pressure, volume, temperature, stress and strain have been precisely formulated.
( p& J& Flory, C& A& J& Hoeve ) _CHAIN CONFORMATIONS OF POLYMERIC CHAINS_- Recent theoretical work to calculate the dimensions of polymeric chains by Volkenstein and Lifson has been extended to include more general types of chains.
Libyan Desert silica-glass, another natural glass, is composed of nearly pure silica and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area.
_CONTRACTION OF MUSCLE_- Glycerinated muscle, in the presence of the physiological agent.
_ORGANIZATION:_ In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances.
_SUBSTANCES:_ Volume 1, deals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal, hexagonal and trigonal, and orthorhombic systems;
a simple process for the preparation of nearly monodisperse polystyrene of predictable molecular weight has been developed.
a third volume remains to be published.
australites ( tektites from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting.
by applying this general principle, a great number of complex compounds of osmium, ruthenium, iridium, and rhenium, with triphenylphosphine, triphenylarsine, and triphenylstibine have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years.
contrary to observations with ethers, no apparent change of the reactivity of the chain ends takes place over considerable periods of time in benzene as solvent.
during the past year, these ligands have yielded some unusual five-coordinate complexes of nickel ( 2, ) and some interesting binuclear phosphorus-bridged complexes of palladium ( 2, ) ( see figure ), as well as new compounds of the well-known type **f.
editors for Volumes 1, and 2, were M& W& Porter and the late R& C& Spiller, both of Oxford University.
experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent.
financial and material help have come from academic, governmental, and industrial organizations in England and Holland.
gallium oxide is less volatile than silica ( the main constituent of tektites ) and germanium oxide is more volatile.
great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee.
hence, the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field.
impact glasses not containing elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets.
in another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species, prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis, are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions.
in conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion ( flange ) that has undergone a second melting.
in continuation of these theoretical studies, a more precise elucidation of the effects of imperfections in network structure is sought.
in the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ), the monomer, and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers, are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator, a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium, at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth.
it was possible, however, to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms, each compatible with the Boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors.
limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed, and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range.
most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation.
nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial-explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material.
no meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters, and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of Aouelloul crater, Adrar, Western Sahara Desert.
numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain, Holland, the United States, and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations.
only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites.
particular interest is directed towards the condensation of these ligands with metal halides to form substituted phosphide or arside complexes.
recent work with radiocarbon and deuterated alcohols as solvents, however, has given evidence that metal-hydrido and -carbonyl complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems.
simple elongation has been treated in detail.
since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology and Mineralogy.
some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered, the more representative examples being **f, **f, **f, **f and **f ( **f ).
t& V& Barker, who developed the classification-angle system, was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931.
the compilation work was undertaken by a number of interested crystallographers in the Department of Mineralogy of the University Museum at Oxford.
the complex morphology of polycrystalline homopolymers is necessarily dependent on the same factor.
the contraction therefore partakes of the character of a phase transition.
the coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( R& G& Hayter ).
the dilation accompanying elongation and the simultaneously developed anisotropy of compressibility have been related to the elongation.
the gallium content, however, has been enhanced five-fold.
the gallium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous, metamorphic, or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the components of the tektite.
the mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data.
the predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared, with **f ratios less than 1.1.
the preparation of such products is not new, but the systems heretofore employed in polymerizations have commanded considerable experimental skill and starting materials of a high purity.
the silicate fractions of stony meteorites show gallium ratios similar to those of tektites because they too have undergone melting at some point in their histories.
the simple time-temperature equivalence valid for many amorphous systems did not hold here.
the structures, properties, and reactions of these compounds are being studied.
the various stress-temperature coefficients for constancy of volume and strain, constancy of pressure and strain, and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated.
these always contain metallic inclusions.
these studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds.
this crater contains impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered.
this glass is probably formed from Libyan Desert sands by comet or stony-meteorite impact.
upon completion of the purging step, additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added, and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature, at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion.
when rapid quenching follows melting, < impact glasses > may result.
while ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction, its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction.
#.
#.
( the association of Wiley + Sons with the Dana Mineralogies dates back to 1844 when they published the second edition of the SYSTEM.
) the two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00, respectively.
).
DANA 'S SYSTEM OF MINERALOGY# _ORGANIZATION:_ Six editions of James Dwight Dana's SYSTEM appeared between 1837 and 1892.
Ray Pepinsky is the Director.
THE GROTH INSTITUTE# _ORGANIZATION:_" The Groth Institute", which was established in 1958, is a group activity affiliated with the Physics Department of The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pa&.
_CRITICALITY:_ All information is carefully appraised and uncertain facts are designated by (?
_CRITICALITY:_ Critical evaluation of all data compiled is not a primary aim of this project.
_CURRENCY:_ Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undertaking of this sort.
_CURRENCY:_ During the years of publication, supplement and replacement sheets were issued periodically.
_FORMAT:_ The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes.
_FORMAT:_ The publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( **f ) contained in binders.
_PROPERTIES:_ Crystallographic, physical, optical, and chemical properties.
_PROPERTIES:_ The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical, chemical, morphological, and structural data for crystals on an encyclopedic scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing correlations of properties with internal structure.
_PUBLICATION AND DISTRIBUTION:_ Publisher of CRYSTAL STRUCTURES is Interscience Publishers, 250 Fifth Avenue, New York 1, N& Y&.
_PUBLICATION AND DISTRIBUTION:_ Volume 1, ( **f ) of the seventh edition of DANA 'S SYSTEM OF MINERALOGY was published in 1944 and Volume 2, ( **f ) in 1951 by John Wiley + Sons, Inc&, New York, N& Y&.
_SOURCES OF DATA:_ Almost entirely original articles in journals;
_SOURCES OF DATA:_ The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index.
_SUBSTANCES:_ All crystalline substances and other solid-state materials.
_SUBSTANCES:_ Minerals.
_USE OF NOMENCLATURE, SYMBOLS, UNITS, PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:_ Recommendations of international authorities, such as the International Union of Crystallography, are followed.
_USE OF NOMENCLATURE, SYMBOLS, UNITS, PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:_ The terminology used conforms to that of INTERNATIONALE TABELLEN ZUR BESTIMMUNG VON KRISTALLSTRUKTUREN.
a number of people became involved in the preparation but work was slow until 1937.
a supplementary grant from the Geological Society of America helped finance its publication.
abstracts and other compilations on rare occasions when original papers are not available.
an authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked.
besides the editors there were many contributors in the United States and Great Britain to Volumes 1, and 2,.
coverage of primary literature will follow.
coverage of the literature extends through 1954 and includes some 1955 references.
each group is paginated separately;
however, the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation.
in 1915 Edward S& Dana, editor of the sixth edition, asked W& E& Ford of Yale University to prepare a seventh edition of his father's work.
in addition, the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of much structural information.
in that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers.
inorganic structures are found in Chapters 2,-,, organic structures in Chapters 13,-,.
it is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current.
money was also advanced by the publishers, John Wiley + Sons, Inc&.
numbers sometimes followed by letters are used so that insertions can be made.
price of the complete work including all necessary binders is $148.50.
references are given at the end of each mineral description and a general index is given at the end of each volume.
the Air Force Office of Scientific Research has provided financial assistance in the early stages of the Institute's program.
the Institute derives its name from Paul von Groth's CHEMISCHE KRYSTALLOGRAPHIE, a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919.
the book is divided into chapters and in each chapter the material is grouped into Text, Tables, Illustrations, and Bibliography.
the crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions;
the editors of this volume and Volume 2, were the late Charles Palache, Clifford Frondel, and the late Harry Berman, all of Harvard University.
the physical property values include hardness, melting point, and specific gravity.
the project is currently supported by Harvard University.
the resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants, graduate students, abstractors, librarian, technical editor, machine operators, secretarial help, and others.
the volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951.
the work consists of four sections and 5 supplements.
there are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups.
there are three indexes, i&e&, an inorganic formula index, a mineralogical name index, and a name index to organic compounds.
there is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description.
there will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3, covering all three volumes.
unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals.
volume 1, of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals;
volume 1, was completed in 1941 and published in 1944.
volume 2, contains data for forty-two classes.
volume 3, is nearing completion and there are plans to revise Volume 1,.
w& E& Ford, for example, continued to supply data on the occurrence of minerals until his death in 1939.
within each chapter an effort has been made to group together those crystals with similar structures.
work on Volume 2, was begun in 1941, interrupted by the war in 1942, and resumed in 1945.
#CUTTING MECHANISM OF COHESIVE FAILURE# The cutting ( or shearing ) removal process has been previously described.
**f is the force required to cut a coating of thickness < t > from the substrate.
Hesiometer results have been found to compare excellently with manual knife scratching tests.
_(2)_ Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs.
_(3)_ Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator.
_POULTRY_ Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful.
_SEAFOOD_ Fresh seafood products are extremely perishable.
a number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals, glass, wood, and plastic surfaces.
a prime objective of the Army Quartermaster Corps program is to find the reasons for beef's low palatability and means of overcoming it, since it is a major and desirable dietary item.
a refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type.
acceptable taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken.
acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed, however, for two reasons: ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices, and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics, a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration, serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cent per pound.
all the other force vectors are derived from these.
also, it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response, while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature.
although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products, substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately.
as the coating becomes thicker, the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure.
at low thicknesses a cutting ( or shearing ) phenomenon is often encountered.
at sterilizing doses, good palatability results, with a minimum of changes in appearance, taste, and odor.
competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing.
cooked beef irradiated in the absence of oxygen assumes an unnatural pink color.
costs of canning meat are in the range of 0.8 to 5 cents per pound;
costs of freezing are in the area of 2 to 3.5 cents per pound.
furthermore, it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible.
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level, whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities.
ground meats such as fresh pork sausage and hamburger have a relatively short shelf life under refrigeration, and radiopasteurization might be thought to offer distinctly improved keeping qualities.
here, < H > is the coatings removal force measured parallel to the surface of the substrate and < t > is the film thickness.
however, a major problem here is one of scale of processing;
however, the problem of consumer acceptability remains.
if a wedge-shaped coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle, a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating.
if the coating becomes still thicker, a peeling type failure finally can occur.
if the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness, a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig& 5 may characteristically result.
it can be seen from Fig& 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating.
it can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal.
it should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness.
it was found that the coating is separated from its substrate entirely by cohesive failure.
moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks.
of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork, after radiosterilization, is superior in palatability to available canned pork products.
off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats, but problems of commercial acceptability remain.
partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization, treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat.
presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case.
radiopasteurization has also been successful, and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product.
since the removal force is a function of coating thickness, a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness.
specialty cooked items containing meat portions, as in" frozen dinners" might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization.
tests with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of off-flavors.
the action and reaction forces are < R > and **f, respectively and are equal and opposite in direction.
the details of the removal process are shown schematically in Fig& 6.
the force required to accomplish removal is plotted, by means of an electronic recorder, against distance of removal.
the instrument is shown in Fig& 1 and consists essentially of a hard, sharp, tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating.
the instrumental method, however, is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at wil over a period of time.
the measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out.
the molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface.
the pictures of Figs& 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling types of removal where the coating is detached by failure in a region at, or close to, the interface between coating and substrate.
the preradiation blanching process discolors the treated beef and liquid accumulates in prepackaged cuts.
the principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen.
the problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts.
the table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat, and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions.
the typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs& 2, 3, and 4, which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process.
the various forces result from the reaction of the removed paint chip against the face of the knife and along the shear plane, which makes an angle |f with the substrate.
this, too, is recorded against distance by a repeat run over the same track previously cut.
to date, the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork.
under the conditions of comparison, it will be noted that: _(1)_ Radiosterilization ( at 3 Mrad ) is more expensive than canning, particularly for the cesium-137 source.
what then, are the factors that contribute to these phenomena?
when lamb and mutton are irradiated at substerilization doses, the meat becomes dehydrated, the fat become chalky, and, again, unnatural changes in color occur.
why should the" practical adhesion" of a coating as assessed by a knife method change, initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness?
#URETHANE FOAMS# @ Since the mid 1950s, when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market, growth has been little short of fantastic.
_BASIC CHEMISTRY_ Urethane foams are, basically, reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates ( usually tolylene diisocyanate ).
_COMPRESSION STRENGTH:_ Graph in Fig& 1, p& 392, indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased.
_FLEXURAL STRENGTH:_ This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending.
_MOLDING_ Although slab stock appeared first, it soon became apparent that for the production of cushions with irregular shapes, crowned contours, or rounded edges, the cutting of slab stock is a wasteful and uneconomical process.
_ONE SHOT VS& PREPOLYMER_ In the prepolymer system, the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs.
_PROCESSING URETHANES_ There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product.
_PROPERTIES_ Most commercial uses of urethane foams require densities between 2 and 30 lb& ft& for rigid foams, between 1 and 3 lb& ft& for flexible foams.
_TENSILE STRENGTH:_ This property refers to the greatest longitudinal stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart.
_THERMAL CONDUCTIVITY AND TEMPERATURE RESISTANCE:_ In flexible urethane foams, we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance remains functionally useful.
also available is a slitter which" peels" the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 yd& in length, down to 1 in& thick.
although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method, today, thanks to new catalysts, they can be produced by a one-shot technique.
and in meeting the demands for urethane foam as a garment interlining, new adhesives and new methods of laminating foam to a substrate have been developed.
and use of the foam for garment interlining is only now getting off the ground, with volume potential in the offing.
basically, the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units, a variable mixer, a nozzle carriage assembly, and, in many cases, a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam.
basically, this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming, although, at the same time, the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones.
better" hand", a more luxurious feel, and better insulating properties were claimed to be the result.
blowing can be either one of two types- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon.
by 1965, production may range from 200 to 350 million lb& for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb& for rigid.
by varying the formula, this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength ratio.
exceptional tensile strength is another of urethane foam's strong features.
extruded expandable styrene film or sheet- claimed to be competitive price-wise with paper- also showed much potential, particularly for packaging.
figure 2, above, shows the aging properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light.
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer;
furniture upholstery, as just one example, can easily take millions of pounds;
in one-shot, the isocyanate, polyester or polyether resin, catalyst, and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately.
in temperature resistance, this quality is usually related to specific properties, e&g&, flexural, tensile strengths, etc&.
in vinyl foam, the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material ( for details, see P& 395 ).
it is possible that the polyether foams may soon be molded on a production basis in low-cost molds with more intricate contours and with superior properties to latex foam.
it only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure, the material can be cut into lengths as desired.
like compression strength of urethane foams, it has a direct relationship to formulation.
more recently, polyethers- again in varied compositions, molecular weights, and branching- have come into use at first for the flexible foams, just lately for the rigids.
much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products.
much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams, including spraying, frothing, and molding ( see article, p& 391 for details ).
new techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications, including picnic chests, beverage coolers, flower pots, and flotation-type swimming toys.
note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply increasing the density, nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another.
originally, the main types used were various compositions of polyesters.
present estimates are that production topped the 100-million-lb& mark in 1960 ( 85 to 90 million lb& for flexible, 10 or 11 million lb& for rigid );
profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine, triangle, trapezoid, and other profiles in variable heights, dimensions, etc&.
readers interested in additional information on foams are referred to the Foamed Plastics Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below.
sandwich panels for building utility shelters that consist of kraft paper skins and rigid styrene foam cores also aroused interest in the construction field.
several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent.
slab stock is still one of the most important forms of urethane end-product in use today.
table 1,, p& 394, shows a comparison of K factor ratings of a number of commercial insulating materials in common use, including two different types of rigid urethane foam.
the K factor, a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B&t&u& ft& of material 'F& of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams, depending upon the formulation, density, cell size, and nature of blowing agents used.
the convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically.
the foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape, it can be molded, it can be poured-in-place, it can be applied by spray guns, etc&.
the foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of catalyst in solution.
the higher-density urethane semi-rigid foams usually have stronger flex fatigue resistance, i&e&, the 12 lb& ft& foam has 8 times the flexural strength of the 3 lb& ft& density.
the ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the mixer at a predetermined rate.
the low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes, dimensions, and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners, materials handling containers, packaging and cushioning devices, and such novelties as soap dishes, toys, head rests, arch supports, and gas pedal covers.
the markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations.
the mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle.
the most important factor in determining what properties the end-product will have is quite naturally the type of hydroxyl-rich compound that is used in its production.
the polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters;
the polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning.
the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with polypropylene glycol or polypropylene glycol modified with a triol.
the single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example.
thermal conductivity is directly traceable to the material's porous, air-cell construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which forms its composition.
these air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers.
these are still in wide use today, particularly in semi-rigid formulations, for such applications as cores for sandwich-type structural panels, foamed-in-place insulation, automotive safety padding, arm rests, etc&.
this latter figure compares with latex foam rubber at an average of 5.5 lb& ft& in commercial grades.
two other end-use areas which contributed to expandable styrene's growth during the year were packaging ( molded inserts replacing complicated cardboard units ) and foamed-core building panels.
where flexural strength is an important factor, be sure that your urethane foam processor is aware of it.
#PROCEDURE# _WASHING-_ The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2,.
< cascaded > single stages enclosed by a < common envelope > have been constructed with high gain and high resolution.
> also place three dots on the specimen at each side of the 10 inch square, one dot at midpoint, and one at approximately 1 inch from each corner.
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution.
_CIRCULAR KNITTED FABRICS TO BE SUBJECTED TO RESTORATIVE PROCEDURE 2, ( KNIT SHRINKAGE GAUGE)._ Each specimen is approximately 16 inches square.
_GARMENTS._ Critical measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing, drying, and restorative procedures.
_TEST 1,_- Stop the wash wheel at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2, and drain.
_TESTS 2,, 3,, AND 4,._- Run the machine continuously until completion of the test.
_WOVEN FABRICS TO BE DRIED BY PROCEDURE B ( FLAT-BED PRESSED ) OR RESTORED BY PROCEDURE 3 ( HAND IRONING):_ The specimen of fabric is a rectangle at least 22 by 22 inches, except for cloth narrower than 22 inches, in which case the specimen is the entire width of the fabric.
_WOVEN OR WARP KNITTED FABRICS TO BE SUBJECTED TO RESTORATIVE PROCEDURE 1 ( TENSION PRESSER)._ Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches.
add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds, or if desired use a synthetic detergent.
again stop the machine at the end of the time shown in Column C of Table 2,.
an electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized, while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid, which is heavy and bulky.
as it will be discussed later, peripheral defocusing can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers.
cascading single stages by < coupling lens systems > is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely.
channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values;
distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended.
drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2,, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance, the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues, special radiography in medical or industrial applications, track recording of high energy particles, etc&.
fabrics that are badly distorted in their unlaundered state due to faulty finishing may give deceptive dimensional change results when laundered by any procedure.
furthermore, the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated.
generally, it is necessary to mark distances on a specimen ( or garment ) in both lengthwise and widthwise directions and to measure before and after laundering.
high-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods;
high-gain, photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability.
however, electrostatic focus, important for many applications, has not been realized for these devices.
however, the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain.
image intensifiers based upon the multipactor principle appear to hold promise as far as obtainable resolution is concerned.
immediately add water at 100-105 'F& ( 38-43 'C& ) to the wheel to a level of **f inches;
immediately refill to a level of **f inches with water at 100-109' F& ( 38-43' C& ).
inject steam, if necessary, to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2,.
it is felt that fiber-coupled double- ( and multi- ) stage image intensifiers will gain considerable importance in the future.
it should be noted, however, that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems.
it will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels.
mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and < indelible ink;
measure and record.
place the specimen in the wash wheel with sufficient other similar fabric to make a dry load of **f pounds.
place the template ( Fig& 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics, or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics, and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides.
refill the machine to a level of **f inches with water at 100-109' F& ( 38-43' C& ) and start the machine.
refill the machine to a level of **f inches with water at 100-109' F& ( 38-43' C& ).
resolution limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations.
some of these are listed below: _(a)_ Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems, _(B)_ Channel-type, secondary emission image intensifier, _(C)_ Image intensifier based upon the" multipactor" principle, _(D)_ Transmission secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( TSEM tubes ), _(E)_ Cascading of single stages, enclosed in one common envelope.
specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of **f and **f and then laid out without tension on a flat, polished surface, care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases.
start the wash wheel and note the time.
suffer, however, from an inherently low resolution.
the distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen.
the distances may be marked with indelible ink and a fine-point pen, by sewing fine threads into the fabric, or by a specially designed stamping machine.
the effect of device and quantum noise, associated with such low input levels, will be described.
the electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one.
the luminous efficiency and resolution of single stages, fiber couplers, and finally of the composite tube will be computed.
the magnification may be smaller, equal, or larger than unity.
the marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns.
the markings consist of a centrally located 10 inch diameter measuring circle and a 14 inch diameter circle of 20 dots equidistantly spaced ( See Figure 1 ).
therefore, it is recommended that in such cases the sample be replaced, or if used, the results of dimensional change or dimensional restorability tests be considered as indicative only.
therefore, we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes.
these tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members.
this also holds true if restorative forces are applied.
this is especially true for knitted fabrics.
this level will be increased by condensed steam.
this procedure is repeated for the second rinse, using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2,.
three distances, each at least 18 inches, are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions.
usually, the greater the original distances marked, the greater will be the accuracy of the test.
when this water level has been reached inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column F. drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A, C, and E, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
when this water level has been reached, inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2,.
when this water level has been reached, inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column D. drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C, measured from the time the wash wheel was started.
#2.2 THE DISCRETE DETERMINISTIC PROCESS# Consider the process illustrated in Fig& 2.1, consisting of < R > distinct stages.
Bellman ( 1957 ) has annunciated in the following terms:" an optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are, the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision".
_(2)_ The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect;
_(3)_ The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired.
a resolution of 70-80 line-pairs per millimeter appears to be feasible.
an optimal policy is an admissible policy **f which maximizes the objective function < P >.
an optimal policy is one which in some sense gets the best out of the process as a whole by maximizing the value of the product.
at each step of the calculation the operating variables of only one stage need be varied.
at the same time, every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value, and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end.
but **f is vastly larger than < R >.
but even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy, namely, that for the given feed state and < R > stages.
each stage transforms the state **f of its feed to the state **f in a way that depends on the operating variables **f.
electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography.
for a chemical process the first of these might involve the concentrations of the different chemical species, and the temperature or pressure of the stream.
for any choice of admissible policy **f in the first stage, the state of the stream leaving this stage is given by **f.
for the further discussion, we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 **f and phosphor screen resolution of 60 **f.
for the second we might have to choose the volume of reactor or amount of cooling to be supplied;
he recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an < R > -stage process, the remaining stages must use an optimal **f-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage, if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process.
if all the operating variables were varied simultaneously, **f operations would be required to do the same job, and as < R > increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program.
if the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states, **f operations are needed by the dynamic program and **f by the direct search.
if, however, we are seeking the optimal < R > -stage policy for a given feed state, only one search for a maximum is required at the final step.
in contrast, the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages.
in practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions, and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set < S >.
it appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer.
it has been stated that settled cathodoluminescent phosphor screens may have a limiting resolution of 60 **f at high voltage values of approximately 20 KV.
it is the subject of Chapter 4.
it should be noted that photoluminescence, due to" Bremsstrahlung" generated within the viewing screen by electron impact, appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized.
let **f where the maximization is over all admissible policies **f.
let the state of the stream leaving stage < r > be denoted by a vector **f and the operating variables of stage < r > by **f.
let this be denoted by **f.
moreover, by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal **f-stage policy for the remaining stages, we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages.
no optimism is more baseless than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the crudest of methods in searching out a result.
proceeding in this way, from one to two and from two to three stages, we may gradually build up the policy for any number.
suppose that **f, and that the average operation requires only **f sec&.
the essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman.
the inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ), decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror.
the objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing;
the objective function, which is to be maximized, is some function, usually piecewise continuous, of the product state.
the policy may not be unique but the maximum value of < P > certainly is, and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state **f.
the principle of optimality thus brings a vital organization into the search for the optimal policy of a multistage decision process.
the sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for **f when **f is known, and clearly **f, the maximization being over all admissible **f.
the set of all decisions is called the operating policy or, more simply, the policy.
the set of equations ( 5 ), ( 6 ), and the starting equation ( 7 ) is of a recursive type well suited to programming on the digital computer.
the set of vectors **f constitutes the operating policy or, more briefly, the policy, and a policy is admissible if all the **f belong to < S >.
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter.
then the dynamic program would require about a minute whereas the direct search would take more than three millennia!
then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order **f ( where < a > is some number not unreasonably large ).
there are thus three components to an optimal design problem: _(1)_ The specification of the state of the process stream;
these will be numbered in the direction opposite to the flow of the process stream, so that stage < r > is the < r > th stage from the end.
this is the feed state of the subsequent **f stages which, according to the principle of optimality, must use an optimal **f-stage policy with respect to this state.
this is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation.
this number will be of the order of **f.
this transformation is uniquely determined by **f and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic.
this will result in a value **f of the objective function, and when **f is chosen correctly this will give **f, the maximum of the objective function.
thus **f denotes the state of the feed to the < R > -stage process, and **f the state of the product from the last stage.
thus **f where the maximization is over all admissible policies **f, and **f is related to **f by ( 5 ).
thus **f.
thus a number of operations of the order of **f are required.
thus, in general, elementary light optical effects, light scatter, and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit.
to proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow of interpolation;
to see how important this economy is, let us suppose that there are < m > operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by < n > variables;
we write this **f.
when it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal < R > -stage policy with respect to the feed state **f.
when the policy has been chosen the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 );
#7-3.
#7-4.
#7-5.
#7-6.
EXTERNAL DETERMINATION OF HEADING- SURVEYING TECHNIQUE.# With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled, it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques.
GYROCOMPASS HEADING.# Gyrocompass alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading.
PLATFORM HEADING.# Platform heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator.
PRACTICAL LEVELING CONSIDERATIONS.# The automatic leveling system described in this section is readily adaptable to a gyro-stabilized platform consisting of three integrating gyros.
_2._ Use of the characteristics of the platform components for an indication of true heading The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements, field conditions, and the time available to accomplish the heading.
_AUTOCOLLIMATOR._ The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator.
_ELECTRICAL PICKOFFS._ It is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff, which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform.
_TRANSIT._ A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north.
a mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit.
a useful by-product of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift biases is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level.
also, it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach.
although this technique is simple and satisfactory, one practical difficulty does exist: the direction of true north must be known for each launch point.
before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform, the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined.
below this level, the amplifier gain **f is proportional and is of small value, in order to provide adequate noise filtering.
essentially, the stator or reference portion of the pickoff is established with respect to the true heading direction, and the platform is turned either manually or automatically until the angular electrical pickoff signal is reduced to zero.
for purely inertial navigators, two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading: _1._ Use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading.
for the case of a purely inertial autonavigator consisting of three restrained gyros, a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the < X > accelerometer is parallel to the east-west direction at the base point, and the < Y > accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the north-south direction at the base point.
however, skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy.
however, the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform.
however, this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work.
if high accuracy is required in preflight leveling, it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ).
if the < Z > gyro is drifting, a current generated by the autocollimator is delivered to the gyro torquer to cancel the drift.
if the drift error is systematic, it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current.
if the platform is not too high off the ground, a transit can be mounted on a stand to raise it up to the platform.
if the polarity is correct, the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero.
in brief, the human replaces amplifier **f in Figs& 7-1 and 7-2.
in many installations, the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight.
in simpler terms, it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction.
information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the < Z > -axis gyro.
manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time.
manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs.
obviously, the heading accuracy is lessened by such techniques since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand.
one of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a non-linear amplifier for **f.
since a lower loop gain and low-pass filtering increases the response time, a practical compromise must be reached.
the accelerometers are mounted rigidly on the platform.
the amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system.
the amplifier is designed so that its gain is large for accelerometer signals above a certain threshold level.
the effect is that the platform returns from an off-level position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level, at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process.
the electrical signal from the autocollimator is amplified and supplied to the < Z > -gyro torquer.
the images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy.
the input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers.
the leveling process can be accomplished manually, and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment.
the operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled.
the platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure.
the platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output, when amplified by **f, will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift.
the platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers.
the process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero.
the sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light, which is darkened by crossed hairs, on the accelerometer mirror.
the system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits.
the turning is accomplished by applying voltage to the gyro torquers described above.
this can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques.
this instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading.
this leveling system will hold the platform on-level, automatically, as long as the system is actuated.
this process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random.
thus, if one accelerometer is properly aligned, the other is also.
when the platform is aligned, the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs.
when the system is on automatic leveling, the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier **f ).
with integration, the effect of a small acceleration ( or small platform tilt angle ) can be seen after a time.
with the transit set up, a mirror on one of the accelerometers is sighted and the platform is turned until it is aligned.
with this situation, it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment.
" I 'll drop by again in a few days".
" I do n't go to school any more".
" I imagine you 're always battling in school".
" I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little.
" husky young man", he said with mock distaste.
" oh.
" pardon"?
" we 've had any number of calls about you.
Kate 's all right".
Rachel mentioned Kate.
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone.
Scotty did not mind the doctor's unsmiling teasing as he used to.
Scotty said the same words more loudly.
Scotty said," That 's all right.
Scotty was neutral.
Scotty watched with disinterest.
at these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest, but it was an objective pain, in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind;
both watched Scotty constantly, Rachel without seeming to, Virginia openly, her eyes filled with concern.
by the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing Kate.
he 'll be stronger soon".
he ate what he felt like, slept as much or as little as he pleased, and moved about the draughty rooms of the house, when he was not in bed, with slow dubious steps, like an elderly tourist in a cathedral.
he could now but the weakness is very definite;
he did not care.
he did not care.
he did not resent their supervision or Virginia 's sometimes tiring sympathy.
he did not speak.
he felt her irritability did not concern him, yet he knew he would not care even if it did.
he had no desire to.
he had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly, almost accidentally, encounter her.
he had not mentioned Kate.
he had noticed how formal and irritably exact Rachel had grown.
he said fussily," Just keep the cap on those strong emotions".
he shook his head.
he thought about it briefly, then deliberately turned the talk to something else.
he thought he saw- it awakened and, for a moment, interested him- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash.
he turned unsmilingly to Rachel.
he was able, now, to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving.
he was calm, drugged, and lazy.
he would sit, slim-waisted and spare, on the edge of Scotty's bed, his legs crossed so elaborately that the crossed foot could tap the floor.
his delicate hand, as veined as a moth's wing, rested absently on Scotty's chest.
his energy was gone.
his hands lay loosely, yet stiffly- they were like wax hands: almost lifelike, not quite- folded in his lap;
his mouth hung slightly open.
his stethoscope was on the table by Scotty's bed and he picked it up and wagged it at Scotty.
if, as often happened, he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly, he would repeat his words in the same way, without emphasis or impatience, only a little louder.
it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed;
it was merely another part of his weakness.
it would exhaust him further and unnecessarily.
once, sitting at the front window in his parents' room, he saw Kate come out of her house.
she did not touch him.
she said," Do you think you 'll miss school"?
she said," I notice the girl from across the street has n't bothered to phone or visit".
she smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from the floor.
she was with Elizabeth.
the doctor had to bend close to hear;
the doctor, since Scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him, came often and informally to the house.
the heavy branches in his front yard would hide and then reveal them.
the stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room.
then they disappeared and Scotty got up and went into his own room and got into bed.
they turned at the bottom of Kate's steps and moved off in the direction of the park.
they were far off and looked tiny.
well, we 're taking a little vacation, that 's all".
when he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable, he would answer;
you could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble.
" be sure the man nearest you is awake.
" it 's safe", Prevot had said," and it provides cover for our noise".
" we just sit quiet and wait", Prevot had said.
## There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night.
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon.
Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at 2230 hours," which gives us time to get settled in position".
Warren and White each carried, in addition to their own weapons and ammo, a box of ammo for the ROK's machine gun.
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky.
White's suggestion flattered, but he did not like the identity.
a foot misplaced, a leg missing.
all sizes: big ones, some wired to set off a whole field, little ones, hand grenade size.
and with each sigh, like a whip in the hand of an expert, the grass stripped something from Warren.
another man lugged the tripod and a box of ammunition.
at 2130 hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure.
because they were new men and to be sure that they did n't get lost, Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out.
big ones and little.
booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal.
but theirs defied the detectors.
clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones.
he could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position.
he did not spill over with hatred for the enemy.
he had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward.
he had come here in order to test himself.
he had n't even seen him yet **h Pressing his cigarette out in the earth, Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills.
he had n't realized that there would be so much time to think, so many lulls.
he saw no life, but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills, his gaze continually returning to Papa-san.
his eyes now fixed on White's solid figure, Warren could hear behind him the tread of another.
if Joe does n't show up, we 'll all be back here at 0600 hours.
if a branch extended out too far, each man held it back for the next, and if they met a low overhang, each warned the other.
if he were to go with White, he would be out there two days, not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san, but moving ever deeper into enemy land- behind Papa-san itself.
it could take place tomorrow night, or it might occur months from now.
it was dark.
mines.
mines.
mines.
mines.
now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached.
on their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees.
others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle, which was in the hands of a little Mexican named Martinez.
otherwise, we hold a reception.
ours were kinder than theirs, some said.
remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind?
somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told, that combat was an intermittent activity.
soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night.
that still holds.
the beaming ROK was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun;
the crude wooden boxes of the enemy, our nicely turned gray metal disks.
the dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage, their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords.
the gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before, until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble, chilled by each new sound.
the shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity, as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh.
the warped, broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes.
then began the journey through their own mine fields.
then they turned to the right, climbed the embankment, and walked into the valley again.
then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover, but nobody pulls out until I say so.
there was just too much time.
there was no cover here, only grass sighing against pant-legs.
they set bouncing betties to jump and explode at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head.
they were going to follow it for part of their journey.
thus, stealthily they advanced upstream;
time to become afraid.
was this what he had expected?
we bring back all dead and wounded".
while most of his beliefs were still unsettled, he knew that he did not believe in killing.
yet, he was here.
" all right.
" but when it comes to war, the Colonel knows what it is and Jeff does n't.
" he recommended both of them for the DSM and the Detroit fellow for the Purple Heart, too, for a combat-inflicted wound.
" the Negro got a bad slice on his chest from the knife wound".
" what did the Colonel do about the men"?
## Jefferson Lawrence was alone at the small, perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river.
I 'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them.
I heard of some that tried it back in the States, and he 'd knock them clear across the room.
Jane asked in her placid, interested way.
Jane nodded with a pleasant smile.
Jane sat receptive and interested.
Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said," You see, both of them, I mean the President and Jeff Lawrence, are romantics.
Mickie laughed.
Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting.
Trig was one of the five volunteers.
a New York kid, a refugee from one of the Harlem gangs, made fun of Trig's accent, and drew a knife.
a romantic is one who thinks the world is divinely inspired and all he has to do is find the right key, and then divine justice and altruism will appear.
before the fight was over, the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly.
but not Jeff Lawrence.
but not in front of Trig.
do you get the picture of the kind of fellow he was"?
he 'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry.
he had a mean, unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit, and someone invented the name Trig for him.
he had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a serpent with two heads.
he had not because he was both poor and ambitious.
he thought how this dainty, fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June, enjoying the flowers in the shops, the greetings from old friends, but never really drawing a deep, passionate breath, was so like himself.
he was a wiry, inscrutable, silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama, and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of.
he was n't troubled with the ordinary, rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic.
he, and Mrs& Dalloway, too, had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit.
his friend Jane was with him.
it 's like focusing a camera;
it just did n't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him.
it was left out of him at birth.
it was n't there.
mr& Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian.
open beside him was < Mrs& Dalloway >.
she was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash, and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury.
she was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and did n't own the mint.
so we hurried over.
so you see Mr& Christiansen knows what it 's all about.
that 's to say, he was trigger happy.
the Colonel ordered that it be wiped out, and I suggested, ' You ask for volunteers, and promise each man on the patrol a quart of whisky, ten dollars and a week-end pass to Davao '.
the colored boy had it, and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said, ' Give that to me, you black bastard.
the distant ship is n't there until you get the focus.
the fear of punishment just did n't bother him.
the nude was small and black-haired and elfin, and was called" Eloise".
the other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers.
the patrol snaked around in back of the cave, approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls.
the reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway.
there 'd been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base.
there was a lot of shooting.
there was a sniper's nest in a mountain cave, and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy.
these were heroes nine feet tall to him".
they caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers' mess, and he got a couple of girls in trouble.
this is why he made such a magnificent soldier.
this meant sorting out press clippings and the like.
this was one place where Moonan could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone noticing him, or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the low-down.
two of our men were killed, a third was wounded.
we do n't ' low nigras to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where I come from '.
we knew the enemy was subdued, because a flare was fired as the signal.
when he was in the war, he was in Law or Supplies or something like that, and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals- just like the one we sent in for Trig- and go away with a real glow.
when we got there, Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded Filipino.
you could hear them from our outpost.
you know what I 'm talking about.
Ann Catt was a lonely, devoted soul, never married, conducting a spotless home and devoted to her church, but a perpetual dissenter and born critic.
Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham, near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River, a small and dirty stream.
I 've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state, and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night, and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square, that's what they do.
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over;
Wilson inquired about it.
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500, but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing.
Wilson, on his first Sunday, witnessed this with something like disgust.
a fellow came up to me, a Senator, I do n't have to tell you his name, and he told me, ' I love the President like a brother, but God damn it, he 's crucifying me.
a knot of old worshippers, chiefly women, listened weekly to a sermon.
and another one comes to me and he says, ' Look here, there 's a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy.
and then the Amen corner took hold, re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus, spreading down through the African forest, overseas to the West Indies, and then here in Alabama.
at the very end, when the audience was silent and breathless, a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out.
beyond were industries and factories.
but Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly:" let 's go and see what it 's like".
but it had, as was usual in southern cities of this sort, a Black Bottom, a low region near the river where the Negroes lived- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river, where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime.
but it was a landmark.
but then, at mention of that name, the Amen corner broke loose.
during the next weeks he looked over the situation.
first of all there was the parsonage, an utterly impossible place for civilized people to live in, originally poorly conceived, apparently not repaired for years, with no plumbing or sewage, with rat-holes and rot.
for the old preacher who had been there twenty-five years was dead, and the city mourned him.
he 's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany'.
he had no chance to say another word.
he had preached a short sermon, trying to talk man-to-man to the audience, to tell them who he was, what he had done in Macon and Birmingham, and what he proposed to do here.
he sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor.
he was a loud-voiced man, once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability.
he was caught in a machine.
he was stern and overbearing with his flock, but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites, especially the rich who partly supported the church.
in the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church.
it began invariably in low tones, almost conversational, and then gradually worked up to high, shrill appeals to God and man.
it had been there 50 years or more and everybody in town, black and white, knew of it.
it had just suffered a calamity, the final crisis in a long series of calamities.
it really ought to be rebuilt, and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this.
it sometimes ended in death-like trances with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor.
it spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion.
it was an old and dirty wooden structure, sadly in need of repair.
it was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church, a woman named Catt who, as Wilson afterward found, was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative.
it was dirty and neglected.
it was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting.
let me tell you what happened to me today.
literally, there was nothing else to do.
meanwhile, the city itself should be talked to.
on the other side of the church was a quiet, well-kept house with shutters and recently painted.
she soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository.
the Bishop looked at him coldly and said" Take it or leave it"!
the Deacon Board, headed by a black man named Carlson, had practically taken over as the pastor grew old, and had its way with the support of the Amen corner.
the audience did not think much of the new pastor, and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say.
the characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious orgy.
the children had nowhere to go and no place to play, not even sidewalks.
the church itself must be repaired.
the city was a center of manufacture, especially in textiles, and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings, a residence for many owners of the great industries in north Alabama.
the other exclusively Negro.
the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were.
the salary of the pastor had for years been $500 annually and even this was in arrears.
the school was small, dark and ill-equipped.
the streets in the colored section were dirty.
the teacher was a pliant fool.
then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition.
then they went down to Black Bottom.
there was typhoid and malaria.
there were two liquor saloons not very far from the church, one white, that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes;
this is why I say we just can n't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses.
to most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience, something for which they lived from week to week.
undoubtedly, there was a good deal of gambling in both.
with shout and slow dance, with tears and song, with scream and contortion, the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering, wailing, shouting, possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force.
" I will go".
" very well", Payne said.
Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping, and then went through a pantomime at his father's door, to prove the statement.
Payne did not notice him.
Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold.
Secretary of State Seward was a sick man.
Seward would be up there.
a nigger boy opened the door.
above him somewhere were the bedrooms.
after that, violence was exultantly easy.
and for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church, if not in all churches.
and yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go.
at the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown.
before Payne loomed the Old Clubhouse, Seward's home, where Key had once been killed.
but this situation of Kent House was more subtle.
dr& Verdi had told him to deliver his package in person.
everything would be all right.
for a moment the hall confused him.
from the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry.
good wages, patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes.
he brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs.
he clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell.
he could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick, appalling, and efficient things.
he did not really want to kill, but as in the sexual act, there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed, even while you watched yourself giving way to it.
he explained his errand, but without bothering much to make it plausible, for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army.
he got caught up into it and became a different person.
he had no idea where Seward's room would be.
he knew that in this mood he could not be stopped.
he might have been anywhere or nowhere.
he pulled out his pistol and fired it.
he pushed his way inside.
he smiled, but now that he knew where the elder Seward was, he did not intend to go.
he stopped and whispered his errand.
he was no longer worried.
he was thinking chiefly of Cap.
if their schedules were to synchronize, there was no point in wasting time.
in the half darkness the banisters gleamed, and the hall seemed enormous.
it had misfired.
it made no sound.
it was a thrill he felt no part in.
it was not murder at all.
it was still Good Friday, after all.
it was the first blow that was always difficult.
like the bell at Mass, the doorbell was pitched too high.
no one would question such an errand.
now it would have another death.
only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless, so that he would puzzle over it for days, whereas at the time it had seemed quite real.
panting a little, Payne shook his head.
reversing it, he smashed the butt down on Frederick Seward's head, over and over again.
still, the sensation always surprised him.
the backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity.
the bottle was filled up with flour.
the idea had come from Herold, who had once been a chemist's clerk.
the inmates were white and from out of town, avoiding local friction.
the nigger boy fled down the stairs, screaming," Murder".
the pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr& Verdi.
the sick were always receiving medicines.
the sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum.
the wages involved were larger and more regular.
there was a fog, which increased the darkness of the night.
they were carpeted, but made for pumps and congress gaiters, not the great clodhoppers he wore.
this was the largest house he had ever been in, almost the largest building, except for a hotel.
two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow.
young Frederick Seward held out his hand.
" < Sic semper tyrannis >", it said mildly.
" well, I guess I know enough to turn you inside out, you sockdologizing old mantrap"!
Clara Harris, one of the guests in the box, stood up and demanded water.
Harry Hawk had not shifted position, but he at last lowered his arm.
Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings.
Katie reared a third time, then, trembling, descended.
Laura Keene brushed by him with the glass of water.
Rathbone said he was bleeding to death.
Stevie could feel himself toppling.
Stevie twisted and, frantically, commanded the mare to leap straight ahead.
a Dr& Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box.
as usual, Mrs& Lincoln had lost her head, but nobody blamed her for doing so now.
at the rear of the auditorium, upstairs, some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor.
behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke.
booth had delivered his line.
but it also looked like a toad, hopping away from the light.
but the stranger was nimbler still.
by the look of him he was n't that far gone.
for a moment, boy and mount hung in midair.
guns were going off all over Washington City these days, because of the celebrations, and the theatre was not soundproof.
he did not lower his arm.
he saw the ground coming up- and the stranger's head.
he went straight to the Presidential box.
her action was involuntary.
his speech faltered.
in Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots, and one death might attract another.
in the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled:" he has shot the President"!
in the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob, on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water.
it was absurd.
it was not exactly panic they gave way to, but they could not just sit there.
it was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do.
it would not give.
mrs& Lincoln screamed.
mrs& lincoln screamed again.
on the stage, Harry Hawk began to weep.
once more, Katie reared, and whinnied in fear.
said Trenchard, otherwise Hawk.
seizing the bridle, he tugged with all his might and forced Katie to her knees.
somehow Dr& Charles Leale was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor.
someone opened the corridor door from the inside, and called for a doctor.
that absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water.
that got everybody up.
that was when the gun went off.
the beehive voices, for no one could bear silence, drowned out the sound of Mrs& Lincoln 's weeping.
the crowd began to move.
the figure leapt from the box, almost lost its balance, the flag draped there tore in the air, the figure landed on its left leg, fell on its hands, and pressed itself up.
the figure was so theatrically dressed, that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one.
the play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of < The Octoroon >.
the stranger leered.
then it disappeared into the wings.
then the audience saw a small, dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box.
there was a little blood on the hem of her dress, for the assassin had slashed Miss Harris's companion, Major Rathbone, with a knife.
there was always a pause here, before the next line.
there was no mistaking that scream.
there was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them.
they had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily.
they had not heard what had been said.
they strained forward.
this figure looked like the slave dealer from that.
when something unexpected happened, one always asked for water if one were a woman, brandy if one were a man.
with a bold arm, he dared once more to obstruct them.
with a sneer, the man spread his legs and, a third time, confronted them.
yet even that explosion did not mean much.
yet this scream had a different note in it.
" everybody does".
" he 'll make a preacher out of you"!
" it 's time you began to think on God, Stephen.
" no, he will n't"!
" not me"!
" somebody 's got to be a preacher in the family.
" we have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge", Mama announced," and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars".
" where you been today"?
" will he die"?
Burt was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School, where they surely could not hear it.
God was everywhere, in the belfry, in the steeple, in the clouds, in the trees, and in the mountains hulking on the horizon.
I heard them!
Ludie could be hateful.
Ludie inquired every evening, pretending that he did not care.
Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth:" idle recreation"!
Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call.
South of Laurel Grove Cemetery, and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware, was the Tri-State Rock, from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as well as New York, simply by spinning around on his heel.
Stevie flared.
Stevie had heard these words many times, yet on each occasion they caused him to tremble.
Stevie saw no idols;
Stevie was constantly slipping into the church.
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds.
Uncle and Aunt Howe were the witnesses".
although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown, beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop, and along the Delaware and Hudson Canal, and northward to Brooklyn, below Point Peter, he could see the church spire wherever he looked back.
at the end of a shaft of light, the pews appeared to be broad stairs in a long dungeon.
far away, standing before a curtained window in the study room, was his father, hands tucked under his coattails, and staring into the dark church.
for His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire".
for he feared the Lake of Fire.
he made a will and last testament before we left Paterson.
he must pray to be spared.
he pulled with all his strength at the heavy, brass-bound door, and shuffled along the wainscoted wall.
he strove to think of God and His eternal wrath;
he was fortunate, and proud.
he was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch.
he would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa.
his being and His will- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa- illumined every parish face, turned the choir into a band of angels, and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven.
however, a boy's lively eyes might rove.
in the Delaware River, three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush.
it could never happen as long as God was alert and the Drew steeple stood guard with its peaked lance.
it troubled him that he could n't always see what Papa saw.
not George, Townley, or Ted, certainly not Ludie.
on these excursions, Papa instructed him on man's chief end, which was his duty to God and his own salvation.
open your heart to Him and pray, Stephen, pray!
perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me, long ago.
so, walking in awe, he became familiar with God, who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock.
someday God would choose < him >.
sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse-" Afternoon, Reverend"!- and crossed the suspension bridge to Matamoras;
somewhere, beyond, where shadows lurked, must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire.
that was Pennsylvania.
the Catholics had the largest cemetery, near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south;
the boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair.
the cold, mysterious presence of God was all around him.
the figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence.
the mouth was thin-lipped and wide, the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide.
the stern face would relax, the black-clad arms would embrace him," My son"!
the veterans, idling on their benches in the Square, beneath the soldiers' monument, got to their feet when Papa approached:" morning, Reverend"!
there was no church like Drew Church, no preacher like Papa, who was intimate with Him, and could consign sinners to hellfire.
therefore, give Him your affection and store up His love for you.
to know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps.
to speak of Papa dying was a sin.
when Papa went out to do God's work, Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy, which was drawn by Violet, the new black mare.
when Papa's slender fingers removed the spectacles, there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose.
where Cuddleback Brook purled into the Neversink was a magnificent swimming hole.
would Papa really die?
" I soon came back to my senses", he said, aloud, to the young blizzard, proudly, drawing himself up, as if making a report to some important superior **h < I was the first to get my squad on the ball, and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb.
" I told him", he said aloud **h < They' ll get the guys that done it.
< if only the fucken weather was n't so lousy!
< it 's those two fucken niggers!
< jee- sus, We Fixed him!
< kaboom for >.
< man how I love nigger pussy!
< oh how they bounced!
< oh, sweet land of heaven, haint there just nothin like sweet nigger pussy!
> fresh, warm, sweet and juicy, sweet lovin sixteen, she was.
> he thought of her, the first one.
> nigger pussy.
> that 's how it should be.
> the snow again.
> the snow came a little faster now, he noted.
I hear the whole bunch is croakin out in the snow >.
Krist, I wish they could write!
a tune began to whirl inside his head.
but I told him, goddammit >.
but he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing.
clean the place up.
goddamn niggers, Lord.
he ai n't so bad > **h His thoughts turned to other things **h The big shock everybody had when they found ol Slater and those others done for.
he chuckled, the memory vivid.
he glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them **h < Turn the bastards over to me- to me and my boys- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them > - reactionary bastards **h.
he had been pretty scared himself, wondering what the hell was coming off.
he had caught her coming out of the shack.
he had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a POW began.
he kept sayin, not me, not me, I do n't want a wind up like em.
he laughed, suddenly, feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them, seeing himself before them, receiving utmost respect and attention.
he saw himself before them delivering the speech.
he thought of Joe Harris, the nigger who had gone after his sister.
he thought of sweet wet nigger pussy.
he used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball.
he would!
hired, hard lackeys of the Warmongering Capitalists.
his eyes blinked hard, snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him.
it always came on, faithfully, just like a radio or juke box, whenever he started to worry too much about something, when the bad things tried to push their way into him.
it came up again and again in the discussion sessions **h < Lousy Reactionary bastards been tryin to fuck up the Program for months.
it was a word he was proud of, a word that meant much to him, and he used it with great pleasure, almost as if it were an exclusive possession, and more: he sensed himself to be very highly educated, four cuts above any of the folks back home **h" < Four cuts at least >", he chuckled to himself," < and I owe it all to them >".
look at thum.
maybe it 's a good thing it happened.
maybe they' ll stop it now, once for all.
months.
normal, < by God.
not captured, sent here.
one day, Ching had told him ( smiling, patting him on the back ) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders," Keep it up, your squad is good, one of the best, keep it up, keep up the good work".
one of his favorites:" guitar Boogie".
only one worth a shit, and that's Brandon.
remember that > **h He heard himself haranguing them.
she was a juicy one.
sonuvabitch, I can n't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for.
soon came back to his senses.
that goddamn redheader was the worst.
that was really something, coming from Ching **h" Really something", he said, aloud **h < Dirty Reactionary bastards comin down here in the night and bumpin off ol Slater and those other poor bastards >.
that' ll put the place back to normal >.
the music drove them off, or away, and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments, humming and jiving within, beating the rhythm within.
the word also made him feel hate, sincere hate, for those so labeled.
they' ll get the guys that done it **h There was something troubling him though: as yet < they had n't > **h Five days **h < Keerist > **h Prickly twinges of annoyance ran through him.
they' re doin it now.
to fuck up the Program.
what I have to put up with!
yooee, we fixed him!
you guys remember that.
" do n't Christsake me, buddy!
" for Christ's sake"!
" how long did you study?
" yehhh", said Coughlin, practically spitting on him.
**h Automatically, Finnegan started going over today's lesson **h Capitalism rots from the core.
< for Christ's sake!
< he was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water.
< how?
< that 's the way.
> **h From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voice.
> **h Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions: < what the Hell am I doin here?
> he looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him **h It was that prick Coughlin.
>" **h < I 'm no hero.
I 'll bet both together did.
I bet.
I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow.
I thought I knew.
a voice pleaded.
all he does is to bullshit with his squad, and they are the stupidest bastards around.
all pricks like Coughlin run it anyway, one way or another.
all those dumb 8-Balls croaked.
am I dreamin?
am I nuts?
anything.
c 'mon- < c'm on!
did I start the damn war?
did I start the damn war?
fuck them > **h He rolled over and tried to shut out the noise, now much louder.
give um the works.
goddammit.
goddamn it.
goddamn.
he snuggled into the blanket **h ## Brandon dreamed.
he stared out the window.
how did they miss him when they got Slater?
how long, buddy"?
if I haf ta do this to stay alive by God I 'll do it.
is this a nut-house?
is this for real?
it infuriated him.
it made no sense to him **h He whirled around, suddenly hot all over, finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back, nailing him to the spot on which he now stood, open-mouthed-" You- Listen!- name William Foster 's Four Internal Contradictions in Capitalism.
just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven.
just answer.
just let me go home to Jersey, back to the shore, oh, Jesus, the shore.
keep the chatter to a minimum, short answers, one word, if possible.
less bull the more you can do with um.
plenty of room there now.
quick- Quick- NOW"!
see, > he 's < already snapping it up, the dumb jerk > **h Coughlin grinned, feeling supremely on top of things **h He watched the snow once again.
so fuck them both.
that 's a good one.
that's Brown's trouble.
the man moved away.
the man shrank before the hot fury, searching frantically for the answer **h Finnegan woke up.
the waves breakin in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight even Jesus sweet Mary.
the whole fucken sky 's caved in!
there was a hell of a noise this time of morning.
they' d cut their mothers' belly open.
they' ll toe the line.
what the hell was he up to now?
who did?
why did n't he drop dead?
why do n't Uncle Sam mind his own fucken business?
you can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how.
" I 'd simply like to know if it is as good as you kind people seem to think", he said.
" I 'm dressed as I always am", Rousseau said.
" I refused", Duclos said.
" at home, yes", they argued.
" but here you are in the palace.
" if they are here, then surely I have the right to be here", Rousseau said.
" let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy", he suggested.
" neither better nor worse".
" what else could I do?
" what was your answer"?
" who is going to stop me"?
" why not"?
" you can n't go in that way"!
" you have n't dressed for the occasion"!
" your name will never appear.
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau: that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta.
Duclos, the historian, pointed out to Jean Jacques that this was impossible.
Jean Jacques asked, striving to appear unimpressed.
Jean Jacques asked.
Monsieur de Cury was incensed, of course.
Rousseau agreed.
Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite, standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance.
a contradiction?
afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author- and that the work would be accepted, and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself.
all these emotions were screwed up to new heights when, after acceptance and the first rehearsals, there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements, and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau.
and I was certain he would refuse".
and Madame de Pompadour".
and everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote.
and how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause!
and listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe, Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration, trembling lest his authorship become known, and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer.
and of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends.
and that was why, on the day of the performance, when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace, he did not bother to shave.
and thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity, Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks.
back and forth Duclos had to go, between M& de Cury and Jean Jacques and between the Duke d' Aumont and Jean Jacques again, as his little operetta, < The Village Soothsayer, > though still unperformed, took on ever more importance.
bah, what was a contradiction in one's life?
but Duclos thought he saw a way out.
but I said I would first have to get the author's permission.
but he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera < Armide, > behind closed doors, just for himself alone.
but no. he could n't appear as a composer now.
but now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions!
but then, after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering, everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever, and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited.
but they, naturally, kept his secret well, and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles.
every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes, and saying yes when she meant no. Rousseau had to admit that though he could n't agree to a public performance, he would indeed, just for his own private satisfaction, dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices.
he felt himself now, as he himself says in his < Confessions, > at a crucial point of his life.
how infuriating all this was!
how titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer, but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals.
imagine the honor of it!
merely to satisfy the author's curiosity.
no one will even suspect that it is your work".
now, when everything was opening up to him- even the court of Louis 15,!- he had to play a role of self-effacement.
on the contrary, he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days.
seeing him in that condition, and about to enter the hall where the King, the Queen, the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present, Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him.
still, just for the ladies, and just for this once, for this one weekend in the country, he would make a little piece out of his melodies.
that glory, craved for so long, was now forbidden to him.
that would certainly be paradoxical.
the furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational.
the ladies especially could n't understand what troubled him.
the ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded.
the musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound.
there 's the King.
they cried.
they pointed out to him.
to that Rousseau could agree.
why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his < Discourse, > and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial?
" God's name, what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on"!
" I have told you before, and I tell you again", Monsieur Favre said rudely.
" I learned that now", I said.
" good heavens, Adam", he said," I thought one thing you 'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place".
" stick to the preaching of the Gospel"!
## We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road, panting from the effort and soaked with sweat.
## We tumbled to a stop in Deacon Gordon's cow hole, a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle.
Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world.
Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column, but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road.
Cousin Simmons grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away.
Cousin Simmons roared.
I did n't offer any advice, but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out.
I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun, and to my amazement, it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule;
I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British musket ball, as Isaac had been, yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself.
I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road, and the fact that I was not afraid now, but only waiting to know what to do next.
I went off with Cousin Simmons, who maintained that if he did n't see to me, he did n't know who would.
I would have stood there and died there if left to myself, but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there;
Isaac Pitt, one of the men from Lincoln, had taken a musket ball in his belly;
John stiffened in anger.
John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy.
Mattathias Dover said:" it makes sense.
a dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane, as perhaps we were at that moment, with the crazy excitement of our first encounter, the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road, and the thirst of some of the men, which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it.
a voice called, and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant, only some of them glancing toward the stone wall, from behind which the voice came.
and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty militia were making their way in our direction.
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far.
and then I was adding my own voice to the crescendo of sound, hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew, sobbing and shouting, and aware that if I had passed water before, it was not enough, for my pants were soaking wet.
and though he had found the strength to run with us, now he collapsed and lay on the ground, dying, the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow.
but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning, and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass, what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts.
but I have no memory of that.
but the thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him.
calmly he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well.
dancing was no longer permitted in the streets.
drunkenness was no longer tolerated.
everyone else was running.
he finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man.
if we cluster together, the redcoats can make an advantage out of it, but there 's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us, and we can outrun them".
in defiance, a chinless reprobate, Jake Camaret, marched down the aisle in St& Peter 's one Sunday morning, followed by one of the women from the Bordel, whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame.
in the course of this, they had fired on us;
it may appear that we were cruel and callous, but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac- except the Reverend.
it was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge, which entitled them to a sort of veteran status, and we felt that if they employed this tactic, it was likely enough the best one.
later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall.
meanwhile, I reloaded my gun, as the other men were doing.
my Cousin Simmons carried a musket, but he had loaded it with bird shot, and as the officer came opposite him, he rose up behind the wall and fired.
one moment there was a man in the saddle;
one moment, the road was filled with disciplined troops, marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death;
plunking themselves down on the front bench, they turned to smirk at those around them.
someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it, the British would be gone;
that settled it, and we broke into parties of two and three.
that summer the gambling houses were closed, despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux, a gaming-card manufacturer.
the Bordel and other places of prostitution were emptied.
the front of their column had already passed us, when another officer came riding down the side of the road, not five paces from where we were.
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks, and during the next second or two, we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers.
the next morning, as the clock struck nine, he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected.
the next, a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound, out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury.
the slit breeches had to go.
their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching.
there was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road, and the shouting and gunfire never slackened.
they had stripped him of his musket and equipment, and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off.
they tried to outface him, but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men, and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him.
three men were around him.
under the trees, there was a dead redcoat, a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples, who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes.
we were less than a quarter of a mile from the road, and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it.
wherever you looked, you saw Committeemen running across the meadows, some away from the road, some toward it, some parallel to it;
while this was being discussed, we saw the militia to the west of us fanning out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road.
" Arianist"!
" John?
" Monsieur Favre indicated that if I would co-operate, after you and William are banished, following the debate, I will be given a place of influence".
" Monsieur Favre just paid me a visit.
" are you going to comply with the demands of Bern"?
" heretic"!
" if William agrees, we should insist on a public debate", he said at length.
" it was always the spirit with Christ;
" know this: the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern".
" plot"?
" that I would rather be banished with two such Christians than be made the Chief Syndic"!
" there is more to the conspiracy.
" what was your reply to that"?
" what will be the subject"?
" you are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal".
## The following morning, as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee, he had a premonition of danger.
**h Why, oh why, does n't he stick to preaching the Gospel, instead of meddling in civic affairs, politics, economics, and social issues that are no concern of the Church"?
Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be, with unleavened bread.
Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by.
Eli Corault!
Geneva must remain a sovereign state.
I came to warn you of a plot"!
I went to your rooms, and Anthony told me you were here.
John asked tiredly.
John lifted his hand for silence.
John sighed.
John stood above him, his face ashen.
John thought.
Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality, for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of" that Frenchman".
Peter Caroli had come to Geneva, saying that he had been a bishop of the Church of Rome and had been persecuted in Paris for his Reformed faith.
a rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared.
and John's reply was always the same:" anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church!
anger and fear fused in John.
but Michael Sept had unmasked him, revealing he had never been a bishop, but was an Anabaptist, afraid to state his faith, because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death.
dice rolled, prostitutes plied their trade, thieves stole, murderers stabbed, and the ungodly blasphemed.
ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ.
faint at first, the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind.
furthermore, Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council, preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics"!
he asked to be appointed a preacher.
he started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher, who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris.
he stood very still, his heart thumping wildly.
he wanted to run, but he knew that if he did, he would be lost.
his voice shook a little.
is that you?
it is to be a trap.
libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded:" are we going to allow the Protestant Pope, Master Calvin, to curtail our liberty?
matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential.
on the outskirts of the rabble the Camaret brothers and Gaspard Favre shook their fists.
slowly, like a man grown old, he took Eli's hand and led him below to the tower study, guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned.
so John had refused to agree to his appointment as a preacher, and now Caroli sought revenge.
somebody heaved a stone.
tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight.
the chinless Jake called.
the firelight played over Eli 's flowing white locks and rugged features.
the slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie.
then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him.
those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists.
two Anabaptists, Caroli and Benoit, are to challenge you and William to a debate before the Council.
unless the confusion cleared, he would not be coming here much longer.
we will have righteousness"!
we will not yield to the demands of Bern"!
what is he doing here at this hour?
what now?
you know the law: if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge, you will be banished"!
" oh, what 's the matter with me"?
" slice o' mutton"?
" slice o' mutton, bhoy"?
" what 's the matter with me"?
## When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest, locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain, tied the fly of the tent, and picked up the cash box, he moved up the darkening street.
.
Adam recognized this one.
Adam thought of the hutments, regiment after regiment, row after row, the thousands of huts, stretching away into the night.
Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain >".
Mollie the Mutton was scratching her nose.
far off, in the dusk, he heard voices singing, muffled but strong.
from under the shapeless huddle of blanket the feet moved in the mud.
he could not make out, but he knew that again she was scratching her nose.
he demanded out loud.
he demanded.
he did not know.
he felt the sweetness of pity flood through him, veining his very flesh.
he felt trapped in that pattern, in the repetition.
he had crossed the river which now, beyond the woods yonder, was sliding darkly under the mist.
he had died there.
he had plunged into the dark woods beyond.
he heard the words:" rock of Ages, cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee!
he is going to let History take the blame for a while".
he looked wildly around, at the now empty street, at the mud, at the rain.
he recognized her because she was the one who, in a winter twilight, on the edge of camp, had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly.
he stopped.
he strained to hear.
he thought of Simms Purdew rising up, fearless in glory.
he thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while Pullen James crouched by the hearth, skirmishing an undershirt for lice, and a wet log sizzled.
he thought of Simms Purdew, who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield, a maniacal scream on his lips, and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of Rebel bayonets about him.
he thought of the men, the nameless thousands, huddling in them.
he thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier.
he was standing there, he thought, in Virginia, in the thickening dusk, in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew.
he would consign the cash box into the hands of Jed Hawksworth, then stand by while his employer checked the contents and the list of items sold.
her name was Mollie.
his mind closed on that prospect, as though fog had descended to blot out a valley.
in one of the huts a group of men were huddled together, singing.
in the pity for them his loneliness was gone.
into the emptiness of the street, and his spirit, moved a form.
it came again and again.
let the water and the blood From Thy riven side **h" He thought: < I am a Jew from Bavaria >.
looking down the street after her, Adam saw that she had again stopped and again removed one hand from the basket.
moisture ran down the cheeks, gathered at the tip of the nose, and at the chin.
she had queried in her soft guttural.
suddenly he thought he might weep.
that other Jew, a young man too, had left that greatcoat behind, in a rich house, and marched away.
the feet wore army shoes, in obvious disrepair.
the figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose.
the figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there.
the form was swathed in an army blanket, much patched, fastened at the neck with a cord.
the gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle.
the head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung.
the pattern would not stop.
the words ran crazily in his head: < Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain >.
then he thought of Aaron Blaustein standing in his rich house saying:" God is tired of taking the blame.
then he- Then what?
then the figure moved on.
then the words fell into a pattern:" < Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose, Scratching her nose in the rain.
they called her Mollie the Mutton, and laughed.
they did not know who they were or know their own worth.
they did washing.
this was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river.
those men, lying in the huts, they did not know.
what had that man, that other young Jew, felt as he stood in the twilight and heard other men, far away, singing together?
" I 'm a little groggy.
" I 'm awful sorry about what 's happened", Selena said.
" a couple of tips we 're running down- nothing promising.
" did n't occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed", Andrus muttered.
" few crank calls", McFeeley said.
" maybe today' ll be a good-news day".
" oh- we managed", she said.
" sleep well"?
AMY STILL MISSING.
Andrus did not answer him.
I 'm < honey > only to my husband, understand"?
KIDNAPER SPURNS RANSOM;
McFeeley greeted the parents, then studied his notebook.
McFeeley identified himself.
McFeeley told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour.
Moll took his coffee into the nursery.
Selena Masters, Joe realized, was her own woman.
Selena was the wrong woman for these crudities.
after she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs, uncomfortable about their tenancy ), she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations.
and he ignored him, skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house.
before that, he wanted to talk to the neighbors.
both had been up since 7:00- Irv on the early-morning watch, McFeeley unable to sleep during his four-hour relief.
did anything happen during the night"?
during the night, a phone company technician had deadened the bells and installed red blinkers on the phones.
he and Irvin Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar.
he asked.
he could think of nothing else to tell them: no assurances, no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day.
he did not see Sparling, or DeGroot, or Ringel, or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago.
he did not want to bring the Andruses to the station house too early- Rheinholdt had summoned a press conference, and he did n't want them subjected to the reporters again.
he settled on the sofa with his coffee, warming his hands on the cup, although the room was heavy with heat.
he wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file.
her speech was barren of southernisms;
his face was bloated with drugging, redder than normal.
however, the litter remained, augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers.
in contrast to the caravan of the previous night, there were only four cars parked across the street.
it could continue this way, hitting 106 and more in the Valley, Joe McFeeley knew, into October.
mrs& Andrus was talking to the maid, arranging for her to come in every day, instead of the four days she now worked.
not seeing her dark intelligent face, one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood Village matron, ten years out of Iowa.
once, Andrus walked by it, hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by Duane Bosch, staff correspondent- age not given ), and muttered:" we a bunch a national celebrities".
one of the reporters called to him:" anything new, Lieutenant"?
outside, only a handful of reporters remained.
sergeant Moll understood.
she answered him precisely, missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports.
she charged off to the bedrooms.
she was one of Eliot Sparling 's neutralized minorities, adopting the rolling < R's > and constricted vowels of Los Angeles.
she was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around: independent, unservile, probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework- and doubly efficient.
sipping their coffee, discussing the weather, the day's shopping, Fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ), they avoided the radio, the morning TV news show, even the front page of the < Santa Luisa Register >, resting on the kitchen bar.
someone would have to remain in the office continually.
the bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdt's conference.
the latter, thanking her for the coffee, had winked and muttered," Sure 'nuff, honey".
the maid was very black and very energetic, trim in a yellow pique uniform.
the night before, they had telephoned the Andrus maid, Selena Masters, and she had arrived early, bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll.
the previous night's horror- the absolute failure, overcast with the intrusions of the press, had left them all with a wan sense of uselessness, of play-acting.
the street cleaner had not yet been around.
the three had little to say to each other.
the woman had the glassy look of an invalid, as if she had not slept at all.
too bad your number is in the directory".
two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls.
we can expect more of the same.
when McFeeley was halfway to the door, the proprietor emerged- a mountainous, dark man, his head thick with resiny black hair, his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads.
when the detective left, Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project.
when the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later, the maid greeted them quietly.
while she was thus engaged, McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day, any recollections she had of people hanging around, of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen, of strange cars cruising the neighborhood.
with a hard eye, she informed Moll:" do n't < sure 'nuff > me, officer.
" I guess".
" Sabine called a few minutes ago", Eugene said.
" call the Vouillemont, I guess".
" ex-cuse me", he said in Berlitz English, and got up and left them, to bathe and dress.
" she wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night".
#@# THE CONCIERGE CALLED OUT to them as they were passing through the foyer.
Alix and Eugene on their wedding day.
Beethoven's Fifth was the one on top.
Eugene offered Harold his car, to use at any time he cared to, and when this offer was not accepted, the armchair creaked.
Eugene told him and he promptly forgot.
Eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown, and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes.
Eugene was not entirely silent, or openly rude- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the fauteuil that creaked so alarmingly was an act of rudeness.
Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in.
Harold put a teaspoonful of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water, and then, stirring, he sat back in his chair.
Harold shook his head.
Mme Vienot, considerably younger and very different.
Professor Cestre, could it be?
a young woman who looked like Alix, with her two children.
and a gray-haired man whose glance- direct, lifelike, and mildly accusing- was contradicted by the gilt and black frame.
at that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out, with his face lathered for shaving, and strode down the hall, tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went.
before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them.
besides, the records were dusty.
between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord, and when the conversation came to an end, Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment, to his bathroom, where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub.
cheap clothing and junk of every sort, as far as the eye could see.
da-da-da-dum **h Music could not be Eugene's passion.
every time he moved or said something, the chair creaked again.
he handed Harold a key to the front door, and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment.
he moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything.
he realized that he had no idea where the telephone was.
he tried the doors of the bookcase.
he waited until they were inside the elevator and then said:" now what do we do"?
her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building, and her small front room was clogged with heavy furniture- a big, round, oak dining table and chairs, a buffet, with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame.
in the room next to theirs was a huge cradle, of mahogany, ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf.
it was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person.
it was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen.
it went right on creaking under his own considerable weight, and all it needed, Harold thought, was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it.
locked.
looking around slowly, he saw a marble fireplace, a desk, a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors.
matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather.
no novels.
no poetry.
nothing was said about hotels or train journeys.
one of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas, which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet.
rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered, they had gone sight-seeing.
the apex, the study where Eugene slept, was light and bright and airy and cheerful.
the chair creaked.
the clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room.
the curtains were of the same material, and there were some big oil paintings- portraits in the style of Lancret and Boucher.
the daybed Eugene had slept in, made up now with its dark-brown velours cover and pillows.
the first shrill ring of the telephone brought Harold out into the hall.
the portable record player with a pile of classical records beside it.
the schoolboy.
the suitcases had come while they were out, and had been put in their room, the concierge said.
the telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall.
the titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires: works on theology, astral physics, history, biology, political science.
the window looked out on the Place Redoute- it was the only window of the apartment that did.
then came their bathroom, and then a bedroom that, judging by the photographs on the walls, must belong to Mme Cestre.
they all three had another cup of coffee.
they passed the marmalade, the bread, the black-market butter, back and forth.
they went to the Flea Market, expecting to find the treasures of Europe, and found instead a duplication of that long double row of booths in Tours.
though, taken individually, the big rooms were, or seemed to be, square, the apartment as a whole formed a triangle.
through the open window they heard sounds below in the street: cartwheels, a tired horse 's plodding step, voices.
when enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten, Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another.
with the metal shutters closed, the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there.
" I am carving a Pieta from white Carrara marble.
" I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi.
" but, Rabbi Melzi, you do n't object to others creating works of art"?
" leave me your address.
" not at all.
" see, Argiento, if you control the way these folds are bunched, like this, or made to flow, you can enrich the body attitudes.
" so that's sculpture", commented Argiento wryly, when he had sluiced down the floor for a week," making mud pies".
" what kind of models would you prefer"?
" workmen.
I 'm sure he would approve".
I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me".
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer".
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew.
Jesus' inert body would be passive, his eyes closed.
Mary would have to carry the human communication.
Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber.
Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study, a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes, robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head.
Michelangelo grinned.
Michelangelo hurried to Sangallo's solitary bachelor room with his sketches, asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna.
Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes.
Sangallo studied the drawings and improvised a trestle couch.
and sensitivity".
at the same time he started walking the streets, peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls, storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like, how they moved.
discovering that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes, he began a study of the anatomy of folds.
each religion has its own tenets".
even though he would later be resurrected, he was at this moment dead indeed, the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross.
he felt close to Mary, having spent so long concentrating on the beginning of her journey.
he hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe, so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins, led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes.
he improvised as he went along, completing a life-size clay figure, then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper, wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber, to the consistency of thick mud.
he started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper.
he then draped him over the rough stand, explained that he was supposed to be recently dead, and was being held on his mother's lap.
he was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation.
he was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon.
he went into the Jewish quarter, wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked.
her son was dead.
here, for the most part, they were well treated, as a" reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity";
his Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion, yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child.
his first model arrived at dusk.
in his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother;
in particular he sought the gentle, sweet-faced nuns, with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads, remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper.
in their mid-thirties.
it was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems.
many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians, musicians, bankers.
no fold could be accidental, each turn of the drapery had to serve organically, to cover the Madonna's slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christ's body, to intensify her inner turmoil.
not bulky laborers, but sinewy men.
now she was intensely alive, anguished;
only what Mary felt for her son.
since his Christ was to be life size, how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly?
that is why our creative people give their time to literature, not to painting or sculpture".
the Jewish section was in Trastevere, near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa.
the colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 drove many Jews into Rome.
the men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work, but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose.
the rabbi said thoughtfully," I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church".
there was only one way to accomplish this: by design, by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept.
there would be no halos, no angels.
these would be two human beings, whom God had chosen.
they can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone".
they would feel what Mary was undergoing.
this seemed right to him.
together he and Argiento built the stand, covering it with blankets.
visually, these approximated what he was feeling within himself.
when Michelangelo explained why he had come, Rabbi Melzi replied gravely:" the Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images.
when the cloth dried and stiffened, he saw what adjustments had to be made.
with intelligence.
" God called her to Him", the minister had said.
" everybody knows I 'm just a harmless, deaf old man who takes to drink.
" hush", said Uncle Randolph, smiling," or I 'll give you another black eye".
" it always comes in threes", she sighed heavily.
" not this old fox", chuckled Uncle Randolph.
" trouble never comes but in threes".
" whisky still, my foot", said Joel.
" you 're back there riding with the guerrillas, the Moccasin Rangers".
" you 're gon na get caught", she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning.
>" They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister.
God would not < do > that, Kate thought stubbornly.
I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure".
Joel came and sat mutely with her, sharing her pain and anguish, averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom.
Joel knew what he was about, however.
Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school.
Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of Harpers Ferry before they abandoned it;
Jonathan's letter came, as she knew it would, and he had accepted their child's death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself.
Juanita and Mrs& Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried.
Juanita drooped about the place, wearing a haunted, brooding look, which Kate attributed to the baby's death, until the day a letter came for her addressed to" Miss Juanita Fitzroy", bearing a Grafton postmark.
Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work.
Kate felt she had deserted the boy in her own loss.
Kate had no idea what they were talking of, although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night, had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn.
Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident, had seen Joel 's burning humiliation before Miss Snow's cold, bespectacled wrath.
Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment.
Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended, at what involvement existed for Juanita.
Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty, for more of the slaves, including Annie, had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp.
Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own.
few of the neighbors came, but Mrs& Tussle came, called by tragedy.
he claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies, but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs& Lattimer's funeral.
he had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry.
he had the hardest pains of growing before him now, as he approached twelve.
he helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard, where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk.
he patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back.
he sat beside Kate's bed with the others throughout the morning, talking, talking of God's will, while Kate lay staring angrily at him.
he tended the new colts Beau had sired.
hearing his voice ring raucously up from the road, Kate would await him anxiously and watch perplexed as he walked into the house, cold sober.
in blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathan's dictum, and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God.
no one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph.
of their first engagement at Falling Waters after Old Jack's First Brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B+O Railroad.
seeing the slanting hand, Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel.
she disciplined herself daily to do what must be done.
she had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurse's room off the empty nursery, although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the baby's death.
she had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son.
she had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer, after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom.
she held Jonathan's letter, his words burning like a brand, and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed.
she loved him and missed his company.
she tried to find some way to draw him out, to help him.
she was taken up in worry for the reckless old man.
she would not accept the death of such a little child.
stranger, Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle, drunkenly singing" Old Dan Tucker" at the top of his voice.
the Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains.
the child was gone.
the men were restive, he wrote, ready to take the battle to the enemy as Jackson wished.
the peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling, Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors.
the scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands.
these would be his hardest years, she knew, and he missed his father desperately.
they held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot.
they stayed in their own world on the bluff, waiting for letters and the peddler, bringing the news.
what he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General McClellan, threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas.
what it was Kate could not fathom.
when Juanita awoke, Kate was still rocking the dead child, still crooning in disbelief," No, no, oh, < no!
when he told her God had called the child to Him, she rejected his words rebelliously.
when she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty.
whenever she found time, she went blackberry picking with him, and they would come home together, mouths purple, arms and faces scratched, tired enough to forget grief for another day.
" I do n't hear the music.
" well, I 'm here at last", she said, addressing the old portraits on the walls.
" where is everyone?
## David Cortlandt was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh.
## In the ballroom below, the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows.
## On shore" the freed slaves to despotism"- the town dwellers- watched the ships and waited.
#CHAPTER 10# New York lay bleaching in the summer sun, and the morning fish hawk, flying in the heated air, saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island.
David reached for the pair of pistols in the saddlebags at his feet.
David took a firm hand with it.
I am getting deaf, I must admit it".
I say, where is everyone?
Martha Schuyler, old, slow, careful of foot, came down the great staircase, dressed in her best lace-drawn black silk, her jeweled shoe buckles held forward.
Martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom.
Mynheer, Sir Francis, the valley society, the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks, and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road.
Peter, you lummox, you 've forgot to order the musicians".
a fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights, and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields.
a mist was walking on the water, white as cotton, but with a blending and merging grace.
a strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes.
ahead there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads.
and he would sleep, sleep, and never think of roads and horses' sore haunches, of colonial wars.
and this handsome booby, staring and sweating, was he her bridegroom?
black strips of skin hung from it.
from there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses, estates, and big farms of the original ( non-Indian ) landowners began.
he drove on, wary and shaken.
he had ridden hard from Boston, and he was not used to horseback.
he pulled out one of them and cocked it.
he slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulky's wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on.
he would cross to Manhattan, to Harlem Heights, before morning.
he would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news.
husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences, and there were grazing cattle.
it commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor.
it had the features of a man bewhiskered by clumps of loose feathers.
it ran, this apocalyptic beast, on two thin legs, and its wings- were they feathered arms?- flapped as it ran.
it was a delayed moon, but now the sky had cleared of scudding black and the stars sugared the silver-gray sky.
it was a grotesque hen, five or six feet tall.
it was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets, mostly around the Battery, going bravely north to Wall Street, but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights.
its groin was bloody.
now, driving the horse and sulky borrowed from Mynheer Schuyler, he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move.
on the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound.
on the shores north and south, the fishers and mooncursers- smugglers- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand, Fire Island.
on the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights.
or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house, a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany, from Rensselaerwyck.
she came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it.
she stood there, a large old woman, smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning, this big foolish baby of a son.
strange how everything here fitted back into his life, even if he had been away so long.
the Sons were out tonight.
the captain's gig of H&M&S& < Mercury > was being rowed to H&M&S& < Neptune >.
the creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes, glazed with an insane fear.
the fish hawk, his wings not moving, circled and glided lower.
the gilt sterns of the men-of-war becoming clearer to him, the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black, the bronze cannon at the ports.
the horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils.
the larger ships were near Paulus Hook, already being called, by a few, Jersey City.
the morning hawk, hungry for any eatable, killable, digestible item, kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay, sheltered by the Jersey inlets.
the news of battle on Breed's Hill had already seeped through, and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local Provincial Congress.
the road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees, and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories.
the ungainly bird thing ran away, and to David its croaking sounded like the crowing of a tormented rooster.
then it was gone.
there a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons of Liberty.
there were times now, like this, when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations.
these were the ships of His Majesty's Navy, herding the hulks of the East Indies merchants and the yachts and ketches of the loyalists.
they often threw tidbits overboard.
they slept- Mynheer with a marvelously high-pitched snoring, the damn seahorse ivory teeth watching him from a bedside table.
was it a birthday ball?
when Peter had reached his majority at eighteen?
" I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism.
" Miss Rak.
Andrei's skilled eye sized them up.
Globocnik built the Death 's-Head Corps.
I am a Jew".
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers' sons of them.
I hate Warsaw, he said to himself.
Jews.
Lipowa 7, Sobibor, Chelmno, Poltawa, Belzec, Krzywy-Rog, Budzyn, Krasnik.
Lublin generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere.
Lublin was the seed of action for the" final solution" of the Jewish problem.
Lublin was their heart.
Warsaw is my city, not Tel Aviv".
Warsaw!
Warsaw!
Warsaw!
a bevy of interlacing lagers, work camps, concentration camps erupted in the area.
a tale of a massive reservation in the Uplands to hold several million Jews **h A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar **h Stories of the depravity of the guards at Globocnik's camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names.
all of Poland is a coffin.
all of them were there in this loosely knit association of diversified ideologies, and each berated the other and beat his breast for his own approaches.
and now Andrei sat on a train on the way to Lublin and wondered if he was not being punished for his lack of belief.
as the messages from Himmler, Heydrich, and Eichmann came in through Alfred Funk, Lublin's fountainhead spouted.
at a siding, another train which was a familiar sight these days.
before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex," I only want to be a Pole.
beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren, eroded hills of Judea.
by late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin, which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front.
day by day, week by week, month by month, the betrayal gnawed at Andrei's heart.
deportees.
early in 1939, Odilo Globocnik, the Gauleiter of Vienna, established SS headquarters for all of Poland.
few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto.
from the moment of the occupation Lublin became a focal point.
he and Ana watched it carefully.
he ground his teeth together.
he guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians.
he had sat beside Alexander Brandel at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists.
he loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright.
he saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief, Roman, and all the Romans and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him.
he walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka.
how we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience.
ice baths, electric shocks, lashings, wild dogs, testicle crushers.
in his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine.
in the unfertile land in Palestine humans broke their backs pushing will power to the brink.
it aggravated him.
it had sounded good to Andrei, but he did not believe it.
of all the places in Poland, Andrei hated Lublin the most.
once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies' hands as they flirted from behind their fans.
only Palestine, and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe.
plans went in and out of Lublin, indicating German confusion.
sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublin's web.
the Bathyrans ran a check on Globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with Hans Frank and the civilian administrators.
the Bathyrans were all gone.
the Death 's-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries, and the < Einsatzkommandos > waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken, dope-ridden maniacs.
the land of the Lublin Uplands was rich, but no one seemed to care.
the terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind.
they had let this black hole of death in Warsaw's heart exist without a cry of protest.
they were not Poles.
this is our singular goal.
this was how Alexander Brandel expressed pure Zionism.
we all seek the same thing through different ways- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion".
we are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest, seeking human dignity.
what is beyond this fog?
what matters now?
when Alexander Brandel rose to speak, the hall became silent.
where we end our journey is always the same.
" I 'm still a soldier in a very small way, Styka".
" I ai n't taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business".
" I am", she said.
" I have sat many hours with this, Styka.
" and do you really think that the world outside Poland will care any more than we do"?
" but we are neither blind nor insane.
" can n't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place".
" how can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see"?
" my cousin works at the Labor Bureau.
" nothing's free in the whole goddam world", was all I could think of to say.
" orders from the Home Army".
" please do n't go inside Majdanek".
" since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think, Holy Mother, we have behaved like this for hundreds of years.
" this ai n't enough".
" we get strange orders".
" well"?
" well- what about the money"?
" why?
" you get the rest when I 'm safely out of Majdanek".
Andrei and Styka were silent.
Andrei demanded.
Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes.
Andrei shrugged.
Andrei smiled.
Grabski had never seen so much money.
Grabski looked at the pair of them.
Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt, cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown.
Grabski slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl.
Grabski's shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center.
I 'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky Derby and how it was Thelma 's fifty dollars I was spending.
I 'd have been more impressed if I had n't remembered that she 'd played Hedda Gabler in her highschool dramatics course.
I 've lost faith, Styka.
I did n't want her back on that broken record.
I do n't know if I can get you into the inner camp.
I used to love this country and believe that someday we 'd win our battle for equality.
I was crazy about her all over again.
I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew.
all I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country.
but now I think I hate it very much".
drunk or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me.
flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread.
half of it dripped down his chin.
he can make you work papers.
he grunted a sort of" yes" answer.
he was a square brick of a man with a moon-round face and sunken Polish features.
he washed it down with beer and produced a deep-seated belch.
his broad flat fingers, petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying, snatched the bills clumsily.
it was an answer that Styka understood.
it was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days, and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch.
it was the call of the wild all right.
it was the same old routine.
it will take a few days.
maybe yes, maybe no, but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building".
nothing there but Jews".
she was getting real dramatic.
that evening turned out to be hell like all the others.
the men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name.
the men of your company would not allow your name dishonored.
the question frightened Andrei.
we moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill.
when I 'd delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink.
why do we let the Germans do this"?
why"?
you never knew about it, but by God, we taught them respect for Captain Androfski".
" but brother I can n't take a job right now", she said with her eyes on her ice cream," I 'm going to have a baby, Francis Xavier's baby, my own husband's baby".
" connections" was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions.
" oh he 's just an international spy", Eileen would shout with her screechy laugh.
" some day", I told Eileen," that guy will kill us both".
" who do you think pays the rent?
" whom God hath joined" etcetera.
Eileen had a wonderful way of not listening to things she did n't want to hear.
Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious.
Eileen seemed to feel the same way.
I 'd thought him a pimp or procurer but he did n't seem to be.
I could n't make out what his racket was.
I do n't know what we would have done if Pat O 'Dwyer had n't come to town.
I felt it and it ate on me all the time, but I did n't know how right I was till later.
I never could find out what his business was.
I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life, but when that was gone I did n't have a cent.
I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention.
I use the phrase advisedly because there was something positively indecent about our relationship.
Pat O 'Dwyer looked like a heavier Jim.
Pat had been worried as hell ever since she 'd lost her job on that fashion magazine.
Pat had contacts all over the labor movement.
Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment.
Pat took Eileen and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again.
a friend of Pat 's named Frank Sposato had just muscled into the Portwatchers' Union.
all evening Eileen had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion.
and there I was shacked up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street.
before he left town Pat saw to it that I was fixed up with a job.
getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation.
greatest thing that ever happened.
he 'd come East for the christening, by God he would.
he always seemed to have money in his pocket.
he got no relief from drink because, though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening, he 'd leave it on the table untouched.
he had the same bullet head of curly reddish hair but he did n't have Jim's pokerfaced humor or his brains or his charm.
he slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs.
he was a big thick beefy violent man.
he was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner.
how about me trying to help her get her job back?
it had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of < Art and Apparel >.
it just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with.
most of them were elderly men.
my first thought was how had it happened so soon, but I counted back on my fingers and sure enough we 'd been living together six weeks.
now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey, and she 'd have to quit drinking.
now Pat may have been a lecher and a plugugly, but he was a good churchgoing Catholic and he loved his little sister.
now and then he would disappear for several days.
now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief.
occasionally if I pushed him too far he 'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his.
poor devil he can n't have been too happy either.
precious had me worried.
she just would n't listen.
still I did n't think she was twotiming me with Precious right then.
still he let Eileen treat him like a valet.
the O 'Dwyers were real religious people except for Kate.
the phone had been disconnected but telegrams came for him and notes by special messenger.
the portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves.
the trouble was drinking cost money.
the way Eileen and I were hitting it up, we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening.
those O 'Dwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything.
to be on the safe side I never let Eileen get out of my sight day or night.
trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation.
we still had that much in common.
what I did know was that Precious was always around.
when I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess.
when we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette.
whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work.
you would n't have me throw the poor boy out on the street", Eileen said when I needled her about it.
" < Arigato gosaimasu >".
" I 'll try".
" I 've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low".
" I should say about a hundred thousand", Fletcher said.
" I think I 've fixed the pump so we will n't have to worry about it for a long time", he said.
" I would like them to appear very busy today, not busy exactly, but joyous, exuberant, full of life.
" I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon", Rector said, He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create, the picture of a very busy mission.
" fifteen", she said.
" fine", Rector said.
" have you ever operated a transit"?
" how many children do you have present today"?
" how many pamphlets do we have in stock"?
" no, only fourteen.
" no, sir", Johnson said.
" when Konishi gets back with the jeep, I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys.
" why"?
" you are about to become a first-class surveyor", Rector said.
Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested.
Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn.
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children.
Johnson nodded.
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this, a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village.
Konishi can help you.
Mavis smiled.
Rector asked him to move it for the time being;
Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission.
Rector said.
Rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall.
Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom, where Mavis was monitoring a test.
a good initial impression would be important now.
as Rector was walking back toward the residential hall, Johnson came out of the basement and bounded up to him.
at the same time, it was unlikely that any businessmen would spend a day in a Christian mission out of mere curiosity.
at two thirty he sent Fujimoto to the top of the wall at the northeast corner of the mission to keep an eye on the ridge road and give a signal when he first glimpsed the approach of Kayabashi's party.
do you think you can manage it"?
for the < oyabun > to make such a trip was either a sign of great weakness or an indication of equally great confidence, and from all the available information it was probably the latter.
he beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside.
he did not wish to deceive Kayabashi exactly, just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner.
he found Elizabeth in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall, and then to take charge of the office while the party was here.
he looked out over the expanse of the compound.
he said he could do it.
he said.
he said.
he told her of the visitors and then of his plans.
he wanted the mission compound to be effortlessly spotless.
he was not going to lose the mission by default, and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission, he was going to be in for a surprise.
he was not sure what effect it would have, but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it.
he went into the print shop, where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press.
he went on to explain what he had in mind.
it looks pretty efficient and that 's the important thing".
it was going to take a lot of activity to fill it.
it was rather a childish game, all in all, but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much.
no, Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived.
she concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient.
she has a pretty bad cold".
she looked back toward the schoolroom.
the air was cooler here, and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass, an effect which he found pleasant.
the altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits, but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident.
the glass is out of it, but that will n't matter.
the little Ito girl had to go home.
the secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand.
then Rector, attired in his best blue serge suit, sat in a chair out on the lawn, in the shade of a tree, smoking a cigarette and waiting.
when everything had been done, Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock.
when he had given the call a few moments thought, he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs& Yamata to prepare tea and < sushi > for the visitors, using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission, then he went outside to inspect the grounds.
you 'll find an old transit in the basement.
" Byron"!
" I 'll tell you nothing.
" I am tired of sultans and scimitars".
" I must n't tell, I must n't tell", she repeated to herself.
" I promised him I would n't".
" I was told it on good authority", Claire answered darkly.
" a public of one", Mary echoed reprovingly.
" although it is not the best of which he is capable", said Shelley as he closed the book," it is still poetry of a high order".
" and in the future, since I write for a public of one, I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money".
" how can you say such a thing?
" how do you know that"?
" if he would only leave the East", said Mary.
" poor Mr& Thynne, he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement".
" the hero of his next poem is Napoleon Bonaparte", said Claire, with slightly overdone carelessness.
" there are other Mr& Thynnes.
" very well", she said," I 'll not catechize you.
" you have made the labor worth while", he said to her, smiling.
## The lordly poet was at low-water mark.
## When Claire returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress.
#CHAPTER 9# WINTER CAME, and with it Mary's baby- a boy as she had wished.
< Alastor > was published only to be savagely attacked, contemptuously ignored.
I am sure he is in raptures".
I do n't ask you who 'tis you 're being unfaithful to, husband or lover.
Lord Byron poured himself another glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color.
Mary's supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute.
Shelley sent a copy to Southey, a former friend, and another to Godwin.
William, he was called, in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's pensioner and his most bitter detractor.
as he declaimed the sonorous measures, it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings.
at the same time another child- this one of Shelley's brain- was given to the world: < Alastor >, a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings.
brains and beauty, high position in both the social and intellectual worlds, athlete, fabled lover- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his.
but, kindled by his kiss, his caressing hand, her desire was aflame.
by odd coincidence, on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read < Parisina >, which was the latest of the titled poet's successes.
demanded Mary.
for a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity, who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind.
frankly, I do n't care".
he drank slowly with due appreciation.
he drew her close and, hand on cheek, turned her face to his.
he rose and went to the bedroom.
her lips, moist and parted, spoke his name.
his hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown;
it was an excellent vintage.
neither acknowledged the gift.
no man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed, with one so favored, flattery could hardly seem overdone.
not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation.
not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties".
now, under the impact of his wife's disclosures, he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance, however brilliant, however far-famed the offender might be.
on all sides doors were being slammed in his face.
only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment.
pausing in the doorway he said:" the form of the human female, unlike her mind and her spirit, is the most challenging loveliness in all nature".
she sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom.
she understood completely.
she was resentful of his easy success as compared with Shelley's failure.
she was striking the right note.
the bodice beneath was buttoned and, withdrawing his lips from hers, he set her upright on his knee and started to undo it, unhurriedly as if she were a child.
the careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent.
the light supper over, Claire went to him and, slipping an arm about his shoulder, sat on his knee.
the previous scandals, gaily diverting as they were, had only served to increase his popularity.
the same month that < Alastor > was published, Murray sold twenty thousand copies of < The Siege of Corinth >, a slovenly bit of Byronism that even Shelley's generosity rebelled at.
then, to better purpose, he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers, untied it.
there are some even now.
there will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of < Alastor >.
what about that dear, clever Mr& Thynne?
what matter the others so long as I have my place in history".
with a pardonable irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly disowned his daughter:" Fanny and Mrs& Godwin will probably be glad to hear that Mary has safely recovered from a very favorable confinement, and that her child is well".
- 'scuse me, sir.
-let's get out of here.
Hillman had ordered him not to leave the far bank.
Hillman had written it all out, had n't he?
Watson looked for the fourth man.
Watson raced for him, his boots slamming the soft earth.
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds.
Watson snorted and then laughed aloud.
Watson stared at them curiously.
Watson watched the creeping figure.
Watson watched two of them flounder into the shallow water and listened to their voices beg shrilly.
a feeling of futility, an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known, seeped through him.
a soldier held the end of a frayed rope.
behind them shambled a long column of weak, tattered men.
exactly!
for what?
four men were knocked down, but did not attempt to rise.
he appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom.
he clutched the staff, and his dark eyes blinked apologetically.
he crept in an incertain manner, patting the ground before him.
he felt a spectator interest.
he grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion.
he had reached the three passive guards;
he paced forward unsteadily, leaning too far back, his head tilted oddly.
he sank back on his thin haunches like a weary hound.
he stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge, his weight nearly swamping the craft.
he stopped pacing, leaned against the dank, timbered wall and let his mind drift.
he swayed like a drunkard, his arms milling in slow circles.
he turned slowly and began to crawl back up the bank toward the rampart.
he was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity.
his lack of success steadily eroded his interest.
his steps were short and stiff, and, with his head thrown back, his progress was a supercilious strut.
if he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes, say, then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud.
if only there was a clock for him to crawl against.
in a confused, soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms, the two men were dragged into the same skiff.
no one moved to them.
prompted by a guilty urge, he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected.
say three minutes to make it sporting.
still the guards did not move, but stood inert, aloof from the slow-scrambling man.
the Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy, indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs.
the crawling men tried to rise and fell again.
the figure halted, and Watson gasped.
the figure in the corner belched loudly, a deep, liquid eruption.
the figure on the earth halted, seemingly bewildered.
the flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current.
the guards came to life with astonishing menace.
the guards did not look at him.
the man began to creep in the wrong direction, deceived by a slight rise in the ground!
the soldier's voice was muffled again, stricken with chagrin.
the thin gray figures raised a hoarse, cawing cry like the call of a bird flock.
the third crawling man forced himself erect.
then he began to crawl again.
they crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats.
they moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness, elbowing and shoving.
they spun and flung their rifles up.
they were stocky men, well fed and clean-shaven, with neat uniforms and sturdy boots.
three Union guards appeared, carrying their rifles at ready.
to his left, the two skiffs dented their sharp bows into the soft bank.
to tell John something he would find out for himself.
was n't the report official enough?
what did he hope to accomplish here?
what in the name of God was he doing, crouched in a timbered pit on the wrong bank of the river?
why had he crossed the dark water, to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole?
would the man make it or not?
I WOULD not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming," O Gogol, O Chekhov, O Thackeray and Dickens, what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks, a birdbath, and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps"?
I can see it from this window where I write.
John would curse.
Watson spat on the ground.
already his cool body lay in the ground.
as I say, I would n't want to begin a day like this, but I often wonder what the dead would have done.
bomb Berlin!
but the shelter is as much a part of my landscape as the beech and horse-chestnut trees that grow on the ridge.
charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal, and almost every roof she saw signified charity.
hand her a chair and she would say," Why, it 's a nice imitation of those Queen Anne chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy".
he believed that brave boys did n't cry.
he had stupidly thought himself compelled to ease his brother's pain.
he was brigadier of the club's locker-room light infantry, and at one time or another declared war on Russia, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, and China.
he was grimly satisfied.
he was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting," Bomb Cuba!
her house stood on a rise of ground, and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below.
her mother had done it before her, and even her old grandmother, who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers.
here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry.
his name had been crossed off a list.
it all began on an autumn afternoon- and who, after all these centuries, can describe the fineness of an autumn day?
it bulks under a veil of thin, new grass, like some embarrassing fact of physicalness, and I think Mrs& Pastern set out the statuary to soften its meaning.
it was built by the Pasterns, and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property.
it was her destiny;
it was her life.
it was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks.
it was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis.
it would have been like her.
leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled, for all its ammoniac acidity, of beginnings.
leaving her house one late afternoon, Mrs& Pastern stopped to admire the October light.
let 's throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them who's boss".
let him chafe with impatience to see Charles, rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in Hillman's beautiful, schoolmaster's hand.
men were slaughtered every day, tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute.
mrs& Balcolm worked for the brain.
mrs& Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league, Mrs& Ryerson was arthritis, and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house, a roof that signified gout.
mrs& Horowitz was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat.
mrs& Pastern had been given sixteen names, a bundle of literature, and a printed book of receipts.
mrs& Pastern had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance, and most of them were ready for her.
mrs& Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer.
mrs& Ten Eyke did mental health.
mrs& Trempler was tuberculosis, Mrs& Surcliffe was Mothers' March of Dimes, Mrs& Craven was cancer, and Mrs& Gilkson did the kidney.
mrs& Trenchard worked for the blind.
now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering.
offer her a cup of tea and she would say," Why, these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year".
one might pretend never to have seen one before, or, to more purpose, that there would never be another like it.
she experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias.
she usually wore weeds, and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr& Pastern was dead, but Mr& Pastern was far from dead.
she was a pale woman.
show her the new swimming pool and she would say, slapping her ankle," I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes".
sitting on her terrace, sitting in her parlor, sitting anywhere, she ground an axe of self-esteem.
so Charles was dead.
the boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum.
the clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights.
the contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year, and while the money, of course, was not hers, it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks.
these trumps were more touching than they were anything else, and seemed to imply that the nights were long, her children ungrateful, and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare.
to confess with a canvas chair as a < prie-dieu >, gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go?
to hell with John.
twenty years ago, she would have been known as a golf widow, and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement.
was John better, more deserving?
what a fool he had been to think of his brother!
what did it matter?
what had he thought of, to go to John, grovel and beg understanding?
what made him think John had a right to witness his brother's humiliation?
what right had John to any special consideration?
what words had any meaning?
" I had a drink with the Flannagans".
" bomb them"!
" he came home unexpectedly".
" it 's after eleven".
" my nephews will be coming down", she said that evening as Angelina brought her dinner into the dining room, the whole meal on a vast linen-covered tray.
" please come down as soon as you conveniently can", the upright letters stalked from the broad-nibbed pen," I have an important matter to discuss with you".
" she told me he was in Germany".
" that will be so nice for you, Mrs& Packard", she said.
" throw a little nuclear hardware at them!
" um", said the old lady, and brought her eyes down to the tray.
" yes", she said," I remember that they came here every summer.
" you remember them, I suppose"?
##" Where have you been"?
Abel"?
Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off the cloth.
Angelina stepped back, her eyes roaming the tray for omissions.
Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news.
I hope Raphael bought them whole".
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters.
I used to play with the older one sometimes, when he 'd let me.
Jessica Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure, her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips.
and the stiffly regal look of them, she saw grimly, lacked the quaver of age which, thwarting the efforts of her amazing will, ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string.
but in bed he had trouble sleeping.
but there was a look about her mouth as though she were tasting lemons.
children walking home from school would scuff through what seemed to be his foliage.
during the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track, and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying, like leaves, in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga.
for a moment she held her face to the empty doorway;
for an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile.
from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way, they had faded to a near-absence of color which had, possibly from her constant looking at the water, something of the light of the sea in them.
he loved them.
he shouted.
he thought first of his son and daughter, away at college.
her thoughts were not discrete.
her voice was ripe and full and her teeth flashed again in Sicilian brilliance before the warm curved lips met and her mouth settled in repose.
his money was tied up in a Nassau hotel, an Ohio pottery works, and a detergent for window-washing, and luck had been running against him.
his worries harried him up out of bed, and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window.
in the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves.
it was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years, not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil;
it was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known.
maple and ash, beech and elm, one hundred to win on Three in the fourth, fifty to win on Six in the third, one hundred to win on Two in the eighth.
mrs& Pastern asked sadly, when he came in.
once her trembling hand, with the pen grasped tight in it, was pressed against the paper the words came sharply, smoothly, as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips.
she glinted suspiciously at the dish before her:" blowfish.
she grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright, like a bird alert for flight.
she looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years;
she signed the letters quickly, stamped them, and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town.
she smiled, and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face.
she turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the dainty-legged escritoire, warped and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray.
she would have said triumph.
show them who's boss"!
that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages, two births, one divorce ), Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years.
the name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips.
then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen.
then he played nine imaginary holes of golf, choosing his handicap, his irons, his stance, his opponents, and his weather in detail, but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries.
then she looked at the old woman again, her eyes calm.
then she snorted and groped for her fork.
then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water.
then, getting back into bed, he thought unashamedly of Mrs& Flannagan, planning where they would next meet and what they would do.
there 's no greater catastrophe in the universe, she reflected dourly, impaling tender green beans on the silver fork, than the dwindling away of a family.
there are, he thought, so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed, as it did, a little crude?
there she extracted two limp vellum sheets and wrote off the letters, one to Abel, one to Mark.
to Abel:" I am afraid there is not much to amuse small children here.
to Mark:" please give my regards to Myra".
you may stay as long as you wish, of course, but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account, I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in".
" I ai n't hid nothing in the crib".
" I god damn well understand.
" Pedersen"?
" a fat hell on Big Hans.
" big Hans sent me.
" get the hell out of here".
" get the hell out of here".
" get the hell out".
" he found the Pedersen kid by the crib".
" no, Pa. it 's the Pedersen kid.
" not stealing, Pa. he was just lying there.
" nothing to steal from the crib".
" pap-pap-pap-hey", I said.
" the kid 's froze good.
" you do n't understand, Pa. the Pedersen kid.
God dammit, get.
Hans found him froze.
Hans is rubbing him with snow.
I could n't be sure he was still asleep.
I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too, dying in our kitchen while I was away where I could n't watch, dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall, Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow, snoring and whistling.
I did n't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen.
I did n't say anything, trying to get my throat clear, but I watched him.
I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid mother-naked in all that dough.
I knew better.
I pushed at his shoulder, calling his name.
I shook him a little harder and made some noise.
I think his name stopped the snoring but he did n't move except to roll a little when I shoved him.
I was leaning too far over.
Pa had his head up, glaring, his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once.
Pa laughed.
Pa pulled at the covers.
Pa was on his side, looking at me, his eyes winking, the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow.
and do n't come back.
both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting, ready, for the two of them to run up her sails.
get out of here".
he 'd not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain.
he 's got him in the kitchen".
he always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him.
he told me to wake you".
he was a cagey sonofabitch.
he was all shoveled up like I thought he 'd be.
he was bitter when he missed.
he was like a mean horse to come at from the rear.
he was tasting his mouth.
his eyes were old and they never saw well, but heated with whisky they' d glare at my noise, growing red and raising up his rage.
it put you off.
it was better, though, he 'd hit me.
mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water, which, there being no moon out, at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars.
meeting it without preparation as they did, robbed of anticipation, a common disappointment seized them.
oh he 'd not care about the Pedersen kid.
oh he was smart.
that 's where he was when Hans found him".
that cock.
that would make him mad enough if he was sober.
the < Starbird > had been long at the bottom of the bay.
the covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head, fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed, but his face was turned to the wall- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster- and I thought, Well you do n't look much like a pig-drunk bully now.
the kid"-" I god damn well understand".
the kid".
they came unexpectedly upon the sea.
they were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness, became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended.
what did he come for, hey?
when his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck, watering my eyes, and I backed off to cough.
why should I?
you know I do n't want to see Pedersen.
" I 'll get more snow", I said.
" I 'll get the spirits", Ma said.
" here, help me prop him up.
" no you will n't", Big Hans said.
" no".
" not where he 's froze good.
" what are we going to do with these"?
" why not?
" yes, Hans, if they' re needed", Ma said.
" you going to put more towels on him"?
Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap.
Hans poured some in a tumbler.
Hans rubbed the kid with more snow **h rubbed **h rubbed.
Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her.
I 'd wound Big Hans up tight.
I do n't know where Ma went.
I got hold his mouth open".
I guess fooling Hans and me took doing.
I thought she 'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had.
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch.
I was ready to jump but when Ma said she 'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me, and he ran down.
Ma had found one of Pa 's hiding places.
Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off.
Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes.
Pa had a knack for hiding.
Pa was sure to find out.
a fool could see what was going on.
big Hans began pouring whisky in the kid's mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin.
but he 'd find out about this one because we were using it.
but he did n't figure Ma for much.
but now Ma.
but since she did n't know we 'd given it to her, there was no easy way of getting it back.
colors on the towels had run.
he 's got to thaw slow.
he did n't figure her at all, and if he found out **h a woman **h it' d be bad.
he do n't care about nothing else at all.
he knew we were looking and he enjoyed it.
he took pride in his hiding.
he was awful angry because he 'd thought Ma was going to do something big, something heroic even, especially for her **h I know him **h I know him **h we felt the same sometimes **h while Ma was n't thinking about that at all, not anything like that.
he was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she 'd done.
heat's bad for frostbite.
if he found out Ma found it- that' d be bad.
if we had, then one of us would have had to go instead.
it should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still spattered with Pa's yellow sick insides.
it was all the pride he had.
it was n't like getting cheated at the fair.
not Pedersen's kid neither.
not any more.
not for years.
not the kid neither".
nothing.
now Hans had given Ma something of his- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa- something valuable;
oh, he was being queer and careful, pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm.
she 'd found it by luck most likely but she had n't said anything and we did n't know how long ago it' d been or how many other ones she 'd found, saying nothing.
she 'd found one and she had n't said a word while Big Hans and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter, every winter since the spring that Hans had come and I had looked in the privy and found the first one.
she had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she 'd go, and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have, because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat.
sometimes he did n't seem to because he hid them so well he could n't find them himself or because he looked and did n't find anything and figured he had n't hid one after all or had drunk it up.
that 's why I only put towels on his chest and belly.
that cock.
that's what he needs, something warm to his skin, do n't he"?
the first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he 'd cut her with a boot cleat, and maybe she saw him heaving it again, the dirty sock popping out as it flew.
there was no way of getting even.
they were always trying so you got to expect it.
you ought to know that".
" now drive carefully, for God's sake"!
Bobby Joe and the boys would come by, say" How's Granny"?
Bobby Joe was gone all day now, not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper.
and finally, the best part of all, simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers, reading the ads as well as the news, registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire.
and sit on the porch a while.
and there was still not anything that Linda Kay could do.
but he did not notice, and was already backing the car down to the road, saying" Toot-toot"!
but just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed, brushed, and taking breaths of air, and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy, a grace of history, so to speak, and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value.
but they all said," No, your time will come.
but they might as well unpack their suitcases, for she might linger on.
but yes, nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine, and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen.
enjoy being a bride while you can".
every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things: Stowey, yes, was on his way south, and the two boys were away in school, and nothing was burning on the stove, and Lucretia was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers.
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced, and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife.
four or five of the cousins from East Texas were about his age, so naturally they ran around together.
he looked at her out of himself, she thought, as he did only for an instant at a time, the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs, the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once.
how could it have been thirty years already, she wondered?
improvise cha-chas on the harp;
not that she complained, or had any cause to.
now she could let out the three parakeets without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors;
now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said" Toot"!
now there was no work in the fields, nor would there be till it rained, and she did not know where he went.
once more and roared off into the fog, his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator, just as his hand did when he worked.
people died, she would have said, in hospitals, or in cars on the highway at night.
she called, trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure.
she could dust the plants, then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on;
she did this now, comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows, of the silence outside, of the dark afternoon it was getting to be.
she enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night, but it always seemed to her that being alone, especially alone in her house, was the realest part of life.
she even spoke differently when she was clean, and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp.
she fell asleep leaning on her hand, hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years, hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm.
she had begun to turn back toward the house, but his look caught her and she stood still, waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell.
she had done all the things she had promised herself she would do, but she had not thought of this.
she had made curtains for all the windows of her little house, and she had kept it spotless and neat, shabby as it was, and cooked good meals for Bobby Joe.
she knew she was feeling afraid and inwardly laughed at herself.
she lay still on the bed, her head hardly denting the pillow;
she stood clutching her shawl around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road.
she stood still over the leg of lamb, rubbing herbs into it, quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath, a sensation of violence that started her shivering.
she stood up, smoothing her hair down, straightening her clothes, feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside, and, above everything else, for the absence of the need to answer, to respond, to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out, and yet, now that she was beginning to cook, she glimpsed a future without him, a future alone like this, and the pain made her head writhe, and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests.
she walked back to the house and entered, feeling herself returning, sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building.
she was personally sloppy, and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it, soaking wet, dangling from her waist, and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves.
she went into the living room and turned on three lamps, then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn, illuminating the driveway.
so Linda Kay gave up asking, and accepted her reprieve.
so the pattern was established.
so when the Big House filled up and ran over, the sisters-in-law found beds for everyone in their own homes.
sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around, and sometimes she took a little milk or soup.
the children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ), to maintain a proper quietness.
the older men would be there at noon, and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town.
the women and children stayed at the Albrights'.
the women, keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room, sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night.
then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever, and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes.
then, when he had it pointed down the hill, he stopped to gaze at her through the window.
there is a death in all partings, she knew, and promptly put it out of her mind.
there was an air of blindness in her gray eyes, the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which, besides, has kept its estate intact.
there was no reason for her to ask what they did.
there was no room for company in the tiny Weaning House ( where the Albright boys always took their brides, till they could get a house and a farm of their own ).
there was not anything she could do there, but that was where everyone was, or would be.
they stopped expecting her to die the next minute, but only in the next day or two.
they were both so young, after all, so unready for any final parting.
those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home, for she might die any time;
thus a new pattern of days began to develop, for Granny Albright did not die.
to the stump of a tree as he passed it, the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed.
when Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs, she would go to the Big House.
when they first married he had been working in the fields all day, and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working, to take him a fresh hot meal.
without saying so, she was really grateful;
" I 'd give anything if I could have found a girl like you".
" but tell me, doctor, where do you plan to conduct the hatching"?
" cook a whole antelope"?
" it 's been going since 1908 when I was a junior in college.
" oh, you could.
" that will have to be in the hotel", the doctor retorted, confirming Alex's anticipations.
" this is my hen ledger", he informed him in an absorbed way.
" what I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel".
" why, I could n't even cook a piece of antelope steak;
" you 'll be a darn sight more comfortable there, Howard", Ernest said, laughing, and they all laughed.
" you lucky kids", he said.
Alex asked.
Alex's instruction was rapid, for the doctor had to go off to the Rue Ecole de Medecine to hear more speeches with only time for one sip of wine to sustain him through them all.
Bobby Joe and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been possum-hunting, and Uncle Bill Farnworth ( from Mama Albright's side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them, right then.
Bobby Joe had been sitting close to her, touching her actually, and holding her hand from time to time, but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer.
Bobby Joe was trying to get Linda Kay to say she would cook one if he brought it home.
Bobby Joe would be a senior this year, and he planned to graduate.
Howard sighed.
Howard, who had been sitting against the wall, said he needed more fresh air, and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby Joe had been sitting.
I never even saw any".
I want to roast the whole thing, and have it for the boys".
Linda Kay felt like going off to the bedroom to cry;
Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable.
Linda Kay told him he could n't do anything like that with his Grandma dying, and he said well they had to eat, did n't they, they were n't all dying.
a knocking at Alex's door roused him at six o'clock the following morning.
after they had left, some of the people moved around, to find more comfortable places to sit.
below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed.
but after the doctor's return that night Alex could see, from the high window in his own room, the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels, apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen.
but she had never been so aware of anyone's flesh before.
but there was no need for Linda Kay to go on, since all she wanted in life was to make a home for Bobby Joe and ( blushing ) raise his children.
but they were going up to the Big House after supper, and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little.
could n't take them near a river, though, or they' d squawk like a turkey cock the day before Thanksgiving".
every night they all went to Mama and Papa Albright's, and sat on the open front porch, where they could get the breeze.
he had become the center of the company, such stories he had to tell.
he had helped fight an oil-well fire that raged six days and nights.
he had sold oil stock to Bob Hope and Bing Crosby in person;
he placed it on Alex's lap.
he stroked the hens and they responded with delighted clucks, he gobbled with the turkeys and they at once were all attention, he quacked with the ducks, and cackled with a pair of exceedingly flattered geese.
in an instant the doctor was stalking across the room with an antique ledger in his hands, thoroughly eared and big as a table top.
in her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe, who was a football player, Future Homemakers sweetheart, and president of Future Farmers.
inside, carefully packed in straw, were six eggs, but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside;
it made her feel different about Howard.
it was easy to see that they were made for each other, and they knew what they wanted.
it was full-of-the-moon ( or a little past ), and nearly light as day.
it was the doctor, dressed and ready for the expedition to the market, and Alex was obliged to prepare himself in haste.
of course he could n't say much, really, because of Debora, but Linda Kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got.
once in a while they said what a shame it was, with Granny dying, but they all agreed she would n't have wanted it any other way.
perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh, so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers;
she exclaimed.
she was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been, but he brought one of the cousins home for supper, and all they did was talk about antelope.
she was such a well-rounded teenager, having been a twirler, Future Farmers sweetheart, and secretary of Future Homemakers.
still she was not sorry he sat by her, but in fact was flattered.
that first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe, the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all.
that night the older men got to talking about going possum-hunting on a moonlight night.
the doctor opened the smallest of his cases, an unimposing straw bag, and exposed the contents for Alex's inspection.
the doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel, room number nine, to initiate Alex further into these undertakings.
the doctor stood about, waiting for Alex to dress, with a show of impatience, and soon they were moving, as quietly as could be, through the still-dark hallways, past the bedroom of the < patronne >, and so into the street.
the ledger was full of most precise information: date of laying, length of incubation period, number of chicks reaching the first week, second week, fifth week, weight of hen, size of rooster's wattles and so on, all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English, the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen.
the market was not far and, once there, the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him.
then he told Linda Kay about himself.
there was little enough time to contemplate them, however;
there were not many chairs, so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch, resting their feet on the ground, and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall.
they all sat around and drank ice water, and the men smoked, and everybody had a good time.
to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens' eggs.
" I do n't mean Miss Ada!
" I do n't want to leave here, Winston".
" I guess I better get ready to go".
" I thought you was sick to death of this big house.
" I told you what Miss Ada's doctor said".
" at least there is room here", she said.
" can n't you see I 'm busy"?
" chickens have short memories", the doctor remarked," that 's why they are better company than most people I know", and he went on to break some important news to Alex.
" four years"!
" fuss, fuss, old man".
" here", Winston said gently," what 's these dishes doing not washed"?
" here".
" how come your bows is always cockeyed"?
" how many times have I told you"- he began, and was almost glad when she cut him off-" Too many times"!- and flounced to the sink, where she began noisily to wash her hands.
" how you going to work with a child hanging on you"?
" if I catch you one more time down here without stockings"- She twitched her leg away.
" leave me alone", Leona said.
" now listen to that".
" that 's a long time, waiting".
" this is moving day", Winston reminded her," and I bet you left things every which way upstairs, your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made.
" to Be Left Behind" was printed at the top in Miss Ada;
" we 've got plenty of time to think about that.
" well", he began," It seems like some people in Paris want to hear more from me than those fellers over at the conference house do.
" what room is there going to be in an apartment for any child"?
" why, Winston", she 'd cry," I just now saw you eating it out of the jar"!
" you know we do n't keep peanut butter in this house", he always told her.
## In the kitchen, Leona, his little young wife, was reading the morning paper.
Alex returned to the hotel, rather weary and with no new prospects of a role, in the late afternoon, but found the doctor in an ebullient mood.
I mean our children".
Leona"!
Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink.
Winston took out a pencil, admired the point, and wrote slowly and heavily," Clothes Stand".
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron.
all the time in the world.
although it had seemed a good reason, to begin with: no couple could afford to have children.
at the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen, who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning.
bending, he touched her knee.
but he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure.
carefully, he undid the bow.
fine hand.
going downstairs with the tray, Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada, but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look.
he asked Leona.
he drew back, embarrassed and pleased.
he hardly believed his reason himself any more.
her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool.
his eye had fastened on her leg;
in spite of the hundred things he had on his mind, Winston went and put his arm around her waist.
next, the hen was nested and all seemed well.
said you wore yourself out, cleaning all these empty rooms".
seems like she 's willing, but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then did n't know what to do, and the people at the zoo have n't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble.
she had an alley cat's manners.
she looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper.
she sounded as though they already existed.
she turned and put her arms around his neck.
she wailed.
sighing, Leona dropped the paper and stood up.
the enormous plates which had held Mr& Jack 's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink.
the two men sat for some time, savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings, before they got up and left the hotel, the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office.
then he spread out the last list on the counter.
there were times it was n't right to make a person happy, like the times she came in the kitchen and asked for a peanut butter sandwich.
they' ve got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here, with a wife for him, too, very rare birds, both of them, the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa.
too many times was the truth of it, Winston thought.
we 've only been married four years, January".
what you think I care about that?
" I 'll give you a medical certificate, framed, if you like", Miss Ada had said.
" I do n't know".
" I guess it 's children make a woman old.
" at least you could leave it for the movers", Miss Ada said.
" darling, I love that photograph.
" he 's used it every day;
" how do you like it"?
" is that a compliment"?
" look, an old man.
" lovie, you make me feel naked".
" mr& Jack sets store by that".
" no.
" not a line, not a wrinkle.
" picture!
" really, Winston.
" she 's been talking about a picture", Winston had told him.
" tell me what to get her for Christmas".
" well, let 's see.
" well, that 's over now.
" what possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea"?
" you know what she likes, Winston", he had said wearily, one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes.
" you look like that picture I have at the office", Mr& Jack had started.
I 'm going to put it on my dresser".
I look like an old man, compared", and he had picked up his photograph with the red Christmas bow still on it.
Miss Ada had giggled, and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down.
Miss Ada was looking fine;
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully.
Winston followed her around the room, collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas, birthday, and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper.
Winston had heard because he was setting up the liquor tray in the next room.
Winston had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown.
Winston laid it in the basket.
Winston was relieved;
a man gets old anyhow".
after a minute he went on," People must think the curse is on me, seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray".
after that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word.
all I want is a picture- with a few lines.
and it was his main present!
but Winston had persuaded him.
but she went on down the list.
every morning, I lay out his clothes on it".
finally she had come down;
frowning, Miss Ada studied the list.
halfway across the house, he could have smelled her morning perfume.
he had only agreed with Miss Ada about getting the valet, but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr& Jack.
he had stood at a little distance, studying her, as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head.
he picked up the photograph and began to wrap it.
it hung in all her day clothes, sweet and strong;
it was meant to be < my > present".
leave that fool picture out", she added sharply.
make the man put them in if he has to".
mr& Jack had said," You look about fifteen years old".
neither of them trusted the movers.
on Christmas night, they had had a disagreement about it.
she had asked.
she had on her Easter suit, blue, with lavender binding.
she smiled at Winston, and he saw the hateful hard glitter in her eyes.
sometimes when he was pressing, Winston raised her dresses to his face.
the alabaster cockatoo".
the china lemon tree.
those presents had been on his mind.
through the door, he had seen Mr& Jack walking around, waiting for Miss Ada.
when they came to Mr& Jack's photograph, twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame, Miss Ada said," By rights I ought to leave that, seeing he will n't take my clotheshorse".
will you wear pink when you 're sixty"?
you mean picture of me"?
" Chicago has some of the best"- Her eyes flashed angrily.
" I read those newspaper stories about you", she had said.
" I was full of booze and, well, a drunk is apt to do anything he says he 'll do".
" I would n't have gone into nursing if I did n't care about people.
" oh, yes", I said, feeling annoyed," she was very pretty.
" that's what I mean about you, Anderson", she said.
" why do you say that"?
" why should I?
" would it make any difference to you if I were, Mary Jane"?
" you are young, intelligent, have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself, but you mess it up with whiskey, indifference, self-destructive attitudes.
" you do n't seem to know much about reality.
" you must have loved that girl very much, but you could n't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her".
I 'm interested in every patient I 've helped take care of.
I 've worked this ward for three months now.
I asked.
I asked.
I do n't blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you.
I felt for my wallet.
I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicago's grim, dirty West Side.
I grew uneasy.
I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side.
I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the damaging stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field + Co&.
I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging, curdling crowd and, as the time passed and I waited, a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear: how was I planning to greet Jessica?
I looked over their faces and felt a twinge: they all looked so much more knowing than I. I looked away.
I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan, the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger, her quiet competence, the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses.
I wanted to go to college, to"-" Why did n't you"?
all about me there was a hectic interplay of meetings taking place, like abrupt, jerky scenes in old silent movies, joyous greetings and beginnings, huggings and kissings, enthusiastic forays into the festive night.
an interne, a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us.
at 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps, carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway, and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground, their golden, fringed epaulets and spic, red-visored caps, I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd.
but when I saw that it was already ten past seven, I began to wonder if something had gone wrong.
do n't tell me about drunks.
his neighbors cheered him on.
how did one join them?
it 's not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover.
it seemed incredible, as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients, that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois, going to a hospital for the mentally ill.
it was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other gallants who had established the Astor steps as the beach-head from which to launch their night of merrymaking.
its thick, substantial outline calmed me.
my heart almost stopped beating.
nonsense!
she knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative.
she knew that I lived at a good address on the Gold Coast, that I had once been a medical student and was thinking of returning to the university to finish my medical studies.
she met my eyes, suddenly angry.
she was n't quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking, or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again.
suppose I had n't brought along enough money?
suppose at this very moment her father was calling my house in an effort to cancel the plans?
suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave?
suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we could n't get in?
there was a great sense of camaraderie.
there were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover, most of them disturbed and hallucinating.
they all mean well, have great promises to make when they are about to go home, but drinking is their sickness.
this had worried her.
was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for Jessica?
was she pretty"?
we had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital.
we keep getting the same ones back again and again.
were you in love with that girl"?
when I think of people like you, well, I"-" You what, Mary Jane"?
where exactly would we go after the movie?
where were they all walking to?
whole platoons were taking up new positions on the steps, arriving and departing, while I stayed glued, like a signpost, to one spot.
you 're not the kind to go violent.
you 've not seemed like them, but maybe you are.
you 've treated your stay here like a big joke.
you do n't believe that I 'm going back to medical school and finish, do you"?
" I beg your pardon, sir"?
" all right", I said.
" all right, you bastards", I said," the great actor is about to buy a drink".
" all right.
" forgot to get something out of the car", I told him, showing him my ticket.
" good.
" mr& Wycoff's car is waiting for you at the east entrance".
" okay", I said to the attendant," I 'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building".
" sure", I told him.
" that's right", I told him.
" that's right".
" why do n't you bastards lay off for a while"?
" yes, of course, Mr& Nelson".
" you 'll send the Rolls-Royce, of course"?
" you Mr& Nelson"?
I 'm calling you, Mr& Nelson, at the request of Mr& Phillip Wycoff.
I always keep a set in the car.
I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up, then went to the bathroom for a drink of water.
I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the Croydon Hotel.
I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their sorrows over the untimely passing of < Ask Tony >.
I followed him out through the lobby to the street.
I had been among the top third in my class at N&Y&U&, had wanted desperately to go to medical school, but I 'd run out of money and energy at the same time.
I knew that I 'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open.
I laid a tenspot on the bar and motioned to the bartender to serve a round.
I put in new batteries so as to be certain I 'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully.
I smiled.
I started to say something else appropriate, but the man had hung up.
I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building.
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer, then slipped around the back of the car with license number JYM 114, attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out.
I walked over to him.
I walked with him back to the entrance.
I was back in ten minutes.
I was giving the parked cars the once-over.
I went back to the agency car and got out an electric bug, one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing.
after a while, however, a person's mind gets fed up and that magnifies all of the disagreeable physical symptoms which go with that sort of an assignment.
an ancient Rolls-Royce, as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship, was parked at the curb.
can you find it all right"?
could you possibly have lunch with him today?
for the first fifteen or twenty minutes it 's possible to be more or less interested in window displays, then in people passing by.
he asked.
he came out alone.
he consulted the parking ticket, then looked at a notation and said," You 're in the third row back toward the rear.
he gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it.
he had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me.
he started to say something as I walked in and then suddenly grinned and said," Oh, yes.
his car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve".
it seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well.
it seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another.
it suddenly occurred to me that I did not particularly like acting, that I was at some sort of crossroads and would have to decide soon what I was going to do with my life.
one of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street, trying to make himself inconspicuous, keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting.
the Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number five.
the attendant waved me on.
the elderly chauffeur, immaculate in a dark uniform, stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car.
the telephone rang.
then later I had quit my safe, secure five-a-week spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play.
they all bowed low as I approached them.
this is Dale Nelson **h the actor".
this let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company, two members of which were native Chicagoans.
we were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York.
when I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said," Is this Mr& Dale Nelson, the actor"?
you 're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt, that the city pavements are hard.
you 're the one I was talking to about a monthly rental.
you want to sit down.
your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary.
" - it says police right on the door".
" - second building on the right".
" - so even if we was as dumb as you take us for, we could still find it".
" I 'll be here at ten-fifty-five", I said.
" I 'm in a hurry, Beautiful".
" I do n't think so".
" any difference in the rate"?
" diets can be terrible", the girl said.
" do n't you think it 's selfish to have dinner < before > you go to pick her up"?
" good figures < should > be kept in hand", she said, and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle.
" how much overweight is she"?
" if you expect her to show up", she said," you 'd better put ' and wife ' on there.
" it 's a kindness to her.
" it 's early in the evening to be in a hurry.
" it 's ten dollars either way.
" no", I said.
" not a bit", I said," but she 's keeping her figure in hand".
" not to you", she said smiling.
" oh, < you!
" thank you", I told her.
" that's what they all say.
" there may not be any women left", I said.
" you really in a hurry, Handsome"?
>" she announced.
I asked.
I did n't turn it off".
I got in the car, drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included, a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible.
I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile.
I put a small electric amplifier against the wall on the side I wanted to case.
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device.
I said" Darn it, that 's the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on.
I took another sidelong glance at the other registration card, then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car.
I turned on the device again, half fearful that I might find silence, but the buzzes came in loud and clear.
I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed.
Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door.
he did n't have to telephone.
it 's a formality, you know".
it 's one thing to go without food when you 're occupied with some work or when you 're simply postponing a meal, but when you 're dependent on someone else and know that you < can n't > eat until he 's bedded down for the night, hunger can be a gnawing torture.
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment.
she 'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I 'm to have one with her so she will n't feel out of place".
she asked.
she gave a little pout and said," < I > do n't get off work until eleven o'clock.
she knew where to come.
she looked at me provocatively.
she wanted to hang around while I was eating.
she went in to get the hamburgers, and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers.
that 's when my evening commences".
the batteries on the bugging device I had put on the car were still fresh enough to send out good strong signals.
the construction was reasonably solid;
the fat man said," All we got ta do is go around the corner".
the gun moved.
the place was n't particularly busy at that time of night, and the girl who was waiting on me, who was clothed in the tightest-fitting pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was- and there was lots of it- wanted to be sociable.
the powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation, and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry.
the thin man said," That-a-way".
then I shut off the device again.
there are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office.
there are three soft-drink vending machines, and if you should be joined by- anybody- try to keep things quiet, if you will.
there's lots of time left".
we like to run a nice quiet place".
what's that thing going buzz-buzz-buzz in your car"?
when I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check, I had the exact change plus a dollar tip.
whoever his companion was going to be, she was going to join him later.
with the aid of that I could hear my man moving around, heard him cough a couple of times, heard the toilet flush, heard the sound of water running.
you see, she 's on a diet.
" - one word of this gets to Guardino"-" Who 's telling Guardino"?
" I got one question".
" I know".
" are you a poor dumb Canadian or a smart aleck from the States"?
" dammit all, Vince.
" how do you know, stupid?
" in a Chicago slum just like you.
" she do n't know nothing about them cars.
" what am I going to do with her all day?
" what is it"?
" what the hell do I care what you do with her all day?
" where 'd you say you was born"?
" why can n't I leave her locked up in the tool crib"?
" you and Barney get her over to Rose 's before it gets too light.
" you do n't haf ta get nasty.
" you get that kid over to Rose's house".
## Lauren Landis rubbed her face against the blanket.
Barney was not really frightening.
God help you if she knows where she 's been".
Grosse ducked and sniggered.
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen.
Grosse spread his hands.
Grosse swore now.
Grosse tucked the gun under the counter.
I ai n't no baby sitter".
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid".
Vince lifted his hand as if to strike, but his thin lips spread in a smile.
Vince shouted finally," Get her over to Rose's and I 'll come by and see that she stays put".
Vince swore again.
after Guardino's left, we 'll dump the kid somewhere near the border where she kin get home.
although she found she was thirsty, she was about to refuse ( never, never take candy from a strange man ) when she saw the bottle was unopened.
and I ai n't going back there on account of one lousy kid".
and put Cate's gun back".
he looked in her direction but he did n't answer.
he placed a bottle opener on the counter.
he ran a finger down his cheek, tracing the scratch there.
he seemed to be looking at a point above the little window.
he spoke soothingly.
he spoke sullenly.
his voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled.
impatiently.
in the tool crib she can n't get away".
it was icy cold and tasted delicious.
it was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you.
just get her where Guardino will n't see her and start asking questions".
she blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle.
she called softly," Barney".
she could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured < that > out ), but she could n't understand their subsequent actions.
she felt a lift in spirit.
she had cried a little because she was frightened.
she jumped as the little man now appeared at the window and, reaching through the opening, offered her a bottle of coke.
she said," Barney, why is he keeping me here"?
she smiled at him wetly.
she thinks she 's in a ordinary garage".
she was glad the fat man had left.
so, < he > understood her panic.
still no answer.
suddenly he grinned.
the fat man winced.
the man was busy doing something to the inside of the door-frame on the driver's side of a car.
the thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock.
was it because she had shown panic?
when she was finished she pushed it back.
who could blame her for that?
" I have to get back to Jarrodsville", he went on.
" I see there are some cars here.
" did anyone see my cab"?
Acey Squire's station wagon.
I 'd be happy to pay for the favor, of course".
I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town?
Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again.
Marty faced east and started walking down the left side of the road.
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs.
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
a foolish thought came into his head.
across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away.
after he had proceeded a few feet, he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers, which were already damp and mud-caked.
and Jarrodsville was more than three miles away, down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire.
and then a startling thing occurred.
as he approached the first farmhouse, thunder sounded behind him again, closer now and louder, like a steadily advancing drum corps.
even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious.
for just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help.
from a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence.
he asked, keeping his voice casual.
he avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him.
he remembered a story he had read as a youth.
he thought he saw a pale face at a window.
he was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car.
in seconds all four cars were out of sight.
it concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out.
it had headed back toward Jarrodsville.
it was coming toward him.
it was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army.
it was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened.
it was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road, the station wagon that had been parked at the Burch farm.
land looked back toward the dilapidated house.
not a single strand of wire reached into the silent houses beside the red-clay road.
now Acey and his friends were returning to seek him out.
now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch, too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star.
on his side of the road there were two farm hands, well back in a field, leaning against a plow.
perhaps it was Dora May.
perhaps she would be glad that they had n't hurt him.
perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town.
telephone poles lined the road.
that had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road.
the Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run.
the car was now in sight.
the day's rain had been added to the stagnant water.
the drums of thunder were right behind him now.
the fencing by the roadside ended.
the seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer.
the station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville.
the steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded, and each man about-faced and turned his back as the officer approached.
the viscous mud was ankle-deep, and in places great puddles spread across the road and reflected the murky light.
their wires stretched out into infinity.
then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
there was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers.
there was another on this side, a little further down.
there was no word spoken, no apparent signal given.
there was nothing he could do but walk.
there were many more between here and Jarrodsville.
there were other farmhouses nearby.
there were several people on the porch of the farmhouse.
they piled into the waiting cars, motors roared, the cars sped off.
they reared tall and mocking.
they were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared.
they, too, stared at him.
yet the men all moved at the same instant.
" I 'd better keep on driving yours", Shayne decided," because I 'll be going on over to the Beach.
" I do n't know what you 're getting into, Mike", he said unhappily.
" I do n't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not, but I want to see who takes the call".
" I hope to Christ **h".
" I want to be in Scotty's Bar at midnight when Marsha makes her phone call there", he ended grimly.
" a lady.
" about an hour, eh?
" get in", Charley Estes said brusquely.
" it 's out in the Northeast section.
" it 's parked in front".
" it does", Shayne grunted sourly, still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot.
" not again so soon".
" oh, no, not again", he said aloud.
" that story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony.
" this deal at < Las Putas Buenas > where the two knife-men jumped you", said Rourke with interest," that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs& Peralta, does n't it"?
" where"?
I 'll be there".
I can drop you back here to pick mine up".
I could n't fight a dozen or so of 'em.
I was lucky they let me go, I guess".
Pete turned around and said to Marty," I guess you think I 'm a yellow-bellied hound.
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up.
Rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes.
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back.
Shayne looked at his watch.
Shayne said briskly," Grab another drink if you want it.
Timothy Rourke gulped down the whiskey hastily and joined him, asking," Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section"?
and then he heard a car coming from the east, and he felt as if he would break down and weep.
are you positive"?
as he drove, he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house, and on his own surmises.
at least, I want to find out whether she 's home yet or not".
but there was n't no use in me staying there.
every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider.
have you got my car here"?
he did not try to run.
he listened a moment and then said," Hold it".
he opened the door and followed Rourke out.
he said with satisfaction," That's fine, Tim.
he staggered into the back seat and lay back, fighting for breath.
he trudged on, his aching eyes focused straight ahead.
he turned his head and said," Alvarez will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour.
he was going to make it, he told himself.
he was nearing the Admassy house.
he went to a closet to get a light jacket, and took his hat from beside the door.
if I 'd stayed, all that I 'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head.
if it was designed to put me on the spot, it would have to have been written before Peralta ever called me in on the case".
in Rourke's car, Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrin's address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess.
it was Pete Holmes, the cabdriver.
it was the prowl car from the sheriff's office.
it was the sound of a siren.
now he saw that the approaching car was painted white, and he began to wave his arms frantically.
that is, maybe not too much of a lady.
that was n't too far from Fifth Street, and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight.
the car drew up alongside him and stopped.
the sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space.
then he turned the telephone over to Rourke, and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes.
there was a new sound, a sound as piercing as the Rebel yell, yet different.
there was someone in front with the sheriff.
this is redneck country.
want to try and meet him there"?
we 've got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez".
when it was finally pointed east, he said," You should never have come out here alone.
why did n't you wait at the Burch house?
you must' ve known I 'd gone to get the sheriff.
" candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker **h and you do n't have any candy for sale here anyhow".
" make a couple of punk detectives named Geely and Harris wish to God they' d stayed out of my way this afternoon.
" sure.
" they' ll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops.
" we sure do n't".
" why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle, and knocked each other out cold", Shayne said good-humoredly.
Geely grunted and slid partly out, and Shayne 's left arm snaked in around his neck to help him, while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big, gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up.
I 'll be waiting for you there".
I would n't have to tell them I had Roberts- Then he heard it, like a muffled thud, felt a subtle change in air pressure.
Mickey paused with him, waiting, no longer impatient, trying now to think it out, do a little planning.
Mickey tried to flatten against the banister, gripped it with one hand, but Roberts' full weight struck him at that moment in the groin.
Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand.
Mickey's eyes fixed on the other's feet, which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack.
Shayne found one marked PERRIN 2-A. the stairway on the right was dark, but there was a wall-switch at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top, and they went up.
Shayne locked his big hands around Harris' thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway.
Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground, and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster, somewhat impeded by the steering wheel.
Shayne strode out blithely, and Rourke checked his watch and sipped his drink, getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the police.
Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived, and asked casually," Get the police okay"?
Shayne turned the handle and jerked the door open before either of the men were quite aware of his presence in the night.
a row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them.
after a moment he extended one hand, the fingers curled.
as the detective slid it into his pocket, Rourke asked sadly," What in hell are you going to do, Mike"?
by a wrenching effort, he managed to hunch and draw in, to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head.
eight, nine steps above him, Roberts had paused.
got no business over here on a stake-out anyway".
he did n't stir.
he dropped him into the street a couple of feet away from Geely's recumbent figure and stared down at both of them for a moment before kicking the big man lightly in the side.
he felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand.
he gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail.
he glanced up in time to see Roberts hurtling down on him from above, literally flying through the air, his bloody face twisted.
he got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and unscrewed the top, sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men, and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat.
he hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp.
he hoped he would n't be forced to use it in taking care of the Beach detectives, but its weight was comforting at his hip.
he looked down over the banister at the hotel desk, with the telephone and pen set.
he made himself back off slowly, his eyes wary on Roberts, who now had no more to lose than he.
he rose stiffly, forcing his knees to lock.
he said in a low voice," I 've got a date with a lady, Mister.
he tugged the brim of his hat low as he approached, stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side.
he tumbled with Roberts, helpless and in agony, over and over, down the steps.
he turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to Shayne.
he turned, then, to look toward the lighted Boulevard, and saw Rourke's tall, emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side.
he walked over to the right-hand door, opened it and got the reloaded automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket.
he was fuzzy in his mind and, for a moment, helpless on the lobby floor, but he was conscious, and free of the weight of Roberts' body.
he went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat.
if I could call in, they could check the story while we were on our way.
just say that a couple of drunks are having a hell of a fight down the street, and they better send a patrol car.
let 's get inside.
on this side of the Bay, Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen, and Shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs.
outside, Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his coupe directly in front of the bar headed south.
said they' d have a patrol car here fast.
the bartender brought Rourke's drink and Shayne laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar.
the bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill.
the big, paunchy man named Geely was on that side, half-turned in the seat toward his hatchet-faced companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door.
the knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again.
the pain dulled as he moved, and he steadied inside.
then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address.
there were two front rooms, both dark behind their transoms, and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake.
they went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling.
they were both breathing heavily, out cold, and Shayne did n't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him.
three minutes, Tim".
what happened with you"?
when his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward, reaching.
will that pay for a pint I can take with me.
you know how it is", he added with a conspiratorial wink.
" I 'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm.
I 'll call you in a day or so".
Jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then, ignoring his own advice, said excitedly," But it does sound good.
Liz Peabody, he thought, might spend some time grieving for her lost lover, but he doubted that she would launch an investigation.
a woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself.
by spring it would be a skeleton.
by the time he reached the edge of the pit he was panting and his shoulder and back ached under the drag of the dead weight.
deep enough, he decided.
he climbed down, went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit.
he could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out.
he could feel it on his face and in his hair.
he drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier.
he drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine.
he dumped it into the back and made sure it would n't roll out, then returned to the porch and closed the front door, making sure it was unlocked.
he found the key to the Jeep, got it started and warmed it up for five minutes.
he gave it a strong push, heard it slide, then tumble dryly into the hole.
he got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep.
he got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit.
he had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket.
he judged her to be a woman of some pride, though not much sense.
he knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel.
he made his way back to the Jeep.
he parked facing it and left the headlights on, but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase, he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage.
he put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room.
he put it in his own pocket for safekeeping.
he replaced the flashlight where it had been stowed, got into his own car and backed it out of the garage.
he stood looking down for a few seconds, then backed up two or three paces from the edge.
he took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat.
he tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it.
he was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down.
he went back and got the flashlight, returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier.
he went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel.
he went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor.
he wiped the steering wheel and all the places he might have touched the Jeep.
in the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it.
inside the passage, he had to work his way over the fallen timber and nearly collapsed under his clumsy burden.
it hung momentarily on the point of dropping off.
it landed on Roberts' sprawled right thigh, poised precariously, then slid off to the ground.
it snowed continuously, but quietly, evenly.
it snowed softly, silently, an undulating interruption of his vision against the night sky.
it was a bad place for Roberts to wind up, but Roberts had asked for it.
it was a relief to get rid of the weight.
it was n't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact.
it was n't like carrying the suitcase.
it was too late to worry about that.
it would be a bad place to die.
still she would probably have sense enough not to call in the local sheriff to find her boy friend who, apparently, had run away.
that courtyard picture with the same initials".
the Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground.
the body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor.
the body was heavier than he had anticipated.
the external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow, probably by the next day.
the maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work.
the soft snow was deceitful underfoot.
then he backed out and swung around to the front drive.
then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts' body toward the edge.
then he went back for Roberts.
there was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter.
there was too much weight casually to toss it away.
there were stains here and there and he cleaned them off, using an oiled rag he found on a nail.
there were tire marks where it had been, but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny.
twice he nearly fell.
when he reached the dip in the woods, he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible.
when the dust settled, he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts' body onto his shoulder.
" I 'll just leave the door open.
" I 'll leave the air conditioner on for you, Mr& Ferrell", said Hirey.
" do n't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it' ll latch".
" hey, come back", he shouted.
" it 's all right to smoke, but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave.
" now do n't shut this door.
" they' re all here, back to 1865", Carruthers told him.
" who 's there"?
#CHAPTER FOURTEEN# In a tour around the stacks, he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed clockwise around the room.
Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open grillework in the top half.
Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules.
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr& Black.
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners.
_hen the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind.
a metal table and four chairs stood in the center.
an old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him.
and even if he 'd somehow missed seeing him, he would n't have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room.
and, of course, you know not to take clippings".
at last he found it in the paper of April 2.
before we built the new jail, we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded.
but he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones.
but why?
for the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder, sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinley's assassination, the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago, and the Hall-Mills trial.
from reconstruction to moon rockets.
he found it in the edition of May 15.
he glanced at his watch, saw it was only seven, and decided to indulge his weakness now.
he jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing.
he pressed his face against the grille.
he pulled it open.
he pulled it over, climbed up, and lifted out the big volume, almost losing his balance from the weight of it.
he staggered over and dropped it on the table.
he thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around, figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up.
he tried to turn right to the society page in each one, but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him.
he turned around, saw nothing, and decided it must be a mouse.
he walked past the sheriff into a windowless room with shelves full of big, leather-bound volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls.
if Mrs& Black was who he thought she was, Mr& Black's Peerless selling days might well be over.
in the middle of the stock market crash, he heard a slight noise in the outer office.
it clanged shut as he sprang toward it.
it latches when you close it, so stay as long as you like".
it told him little more than Mrs& Calhoun had remembered, stating that it had been a small, modest wedding compared to some of the others.
it was, indeed, all here- almost a century.
it will n't open from inside.
last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling.
mr& Black's life was an open book, so to speak, from his birth in Jackson, Mississippi, through his basketball-playing days at L&S&U& and his attainment of a B&A& degree, which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines.
near it was a metal ladder on casters attached to the top shelf.
next on his program was a call to the Jackson office of Peerless Business Machines to find out if Vincent Black was still with them- or, more specifically, still with < us >.
no mention of New Orleans.
now for their exodus from Gulf Springs.
since Mrs& Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring, he started to plod through several months.
something else distracted him, yet there was no sound, only tomblike silence.
the air conditioner was no longer running.
the item said Mr& and Mrs& Black had moved to Jackson, his home town- so the lovely Lisa had been with him a year ago.
the light shining through the grille dimly illumined the office beyond- enough for him to see there was no one there.
the one line on the bride said she was Miss Lisa Carmody from Baton Rouge.
then he heard the outer door closing.
then he knew it was not sound, but lack of it.
there was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom.
they were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from Hirey's air conditioner coming through the grille".
this time the search took twice as long, cutting down on his extra reading, for he had to pick through several columns of one- and two-line social notes in each issue.
to come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left?
to search his room at the motel?
unless he was stone-blind, the person who 'd just left could n't have missed seeing Hank through the open door of the brightly lighted room.
when they had gone, he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner could n't quite dispel.
whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here, had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted.
" I appreciate it, you do that.
" I do my best", said Mr& Skyros earnestly," just for you, my friend.
" and you know, Angelo, Pretty, he always keeps it a strict cash basis, like they say"-" Sure", said Angie.
" oh, now, I do n't know about that much", said Mr& Skyros.
" standard deal, Mr& Skyros.
" sure, Mr& Skyros.
" think I can n't count"?
" well, that's your business, Mr& Skyros", said Angie, and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr& Skyros' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window.
" you 've give me the wrong change", said the customer sharply.
< oh, Katharine 's awfully nice, and pretty too, I like Katharine- Let's ask Katharine to go with us, she 's always lots of fun- Katharine > - Soon, very soon now **h #@ SIXTEEN @# Mendoza did n't wake until nearly nine-thirty.
Alison was still sound asleep;
I 'm in a room over the Golden Club on San Pedro, you just ask for me there, you want see me.
I bring you the cash, say five hundred for ten decks.
Katya made up the amount in indifferent silence.
a better life.
a couple decks for me, Mr& Skyros- and ten-twelve to sell, see, I like to have a little ready cash".
about nine o'clock, I call and see if you got any.
after this deal with the Bouvardier woman went through.
already the thermometer stood close to ninety.
an ace of spades **h.
and, Here, I 'll take this, I was before < her >, you wait on me now or I do n't bother with it, see!
but I do my best for you".
escape.
fifty a throw, that the deal?
funny how seldom they did: used to it, probably.
grab, snatch, I saw that first!
he got out of there in a hurry, brushing past another man in the door, mopping his brow.
he left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today, and drove home.
he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag, and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom, which tasted peculiarly of face powder.
he rather wished he had never got into the business, and still- scarcely to be resisted, a nice little profit with not much work involved, easy money **h ## Katya Roslev, who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now, rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change.
he was not a superstitious man, but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that, indeed.
it could all be straightened out later.
it was going to be another hot day;
it was n't as if she wanted < much >.
money- a lot of money, < enough >.
never have to.
never mind how much I cut it, how much I get", and he smiled his sleepy smile again.
no need leave a note with it, either- or maybe just something like, Do n't worry about me, I 'm going away to make a better life.
no need say anything at all to the old woman.
not very much later, but when things had settled down a little.
not when she 'd waited so long already.
off at noon, and she 'd never come back.
or maybe I call you- tonight?
prettier, she 'd do her hair another way;
she 'd be smart about it, get him to give it to her in little bills so 's nobody would suspect- maybe could n't get it until Monday account of that, the banks- But that was n't really long to wait.
she 'd say she did n't feel good on Sunday, could n't go to church- there 'd be a little argument, but she could be stubborn- and when the old woman had gone, quick pack the things she 'd need to take, all but the dress she 'd wear Monday, and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight, for a dime.
she did n't mind working hard, not as if she figured to do anything < wrong > to live easy and soft- all she wanted was a < chance >, where she was n't marked as what she was.
she did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks.
she had it all planned out, how she 'd do.
she was listening to other voices, out of the future.
she would n't be going to get that for an hour or so after Katya had left, go do the daily shopping.
smarter, and wear different kinds of clothes- she 'd be Katharine Ross, just what that < sounded > like.
some of those vaguely-imagined new, different people.
sure.
sure.
the expedient thing- yes, very true, one must make do as one could, in some situations.
the kind who came into a cheap store like this!
then on Monday morning- or it might have to be Tuesday- get up and leave just the usual time, and last thing, put the money in an envelope under the old woman's purse there in the drawer.
this is awkward for everybody, is n't it, we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes.
this kind of place **h She 'd be through here, just no time at all- leave this kind of thing ' way behind.
to be Katharine Ross, and work in a nicer shop somewhere, at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes, and learn ladies' manners and all like that, and get to know different people than up to now, not just the ones like her here, with foreign-sounding names, the ones went to the same church and- Different place, different job, different people, she 'd be all different too.
usually she marked the few who did thank you, you did n't get that kind much in a place like this: and she played a little game with herself, seeing how downright rude she could act to the others, before they' d take offense, threaten to call the manager.
we do n't none of us want no trouble **h.
you go ' n ' have a look round for it".
" Miss Maude.
" can n't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like, here"?
" get a basket", Sarah told her.
" not much breakfast this morning.
" too much work this morning, Miss Sarah- everybody gone like that"- Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat.
" we 'll go to the storehouse".
" we 've got to eat", Sarah said, curtly, because a chill crawled over her again.
" well, then who brought it"?
Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers, and went with her through the drizzle, to the storehouse.
Glendora flapped away.
Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice.
I do n't know what we 're going to do, Miss Sarah".
Maude could have shot Emile- if she 'd had a reason to kill him.
Maude had said.
Maude had the cool ruthlessness to d o whatever she made up her mind to do.
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarah's room.
Maude was neither hysterical nor silly and Sarah rather doubted if she had ever been childish.
Maude.
Maude?
Rev did n't need to break the wax seal, read the contract and find out.
Rev had known all along.
Rev had stressed the need for money.
Rev loved Honotassa, it was like a part of his breath and body;
Rev would never have tried to give her poison!
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door.
added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot, she might even have drunk some of it, she would n't have taken enough to kill her, for she would have been warned by its taste.
and in all likelihood, by now, there was more than one person in the house who knew the terms of her marriage contract.
and the fields were green and growing.
besides, there was something hysterical and silly, something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her.
but before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag, took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken.
but- well, she 'd be very careful.
he could conceivably have wished to make sure;
in the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens.
it was a long, low room, like a root cellar, for it was banked up with soil, and vines had run rampant over that, too.
it was dark but dry and cool.
it was merely an attempt to frighten her.
no.
she ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway, with the rain dripping from the vines.
she began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup.
she come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you".
she could n't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her.
she could n't see how her death could affect Maude.
she doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas, eggs, cornmeal, a little salt.
she dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life.
she sent Glendora back to the house, her basket and her apron laden.
she started back for the house, saw a light in the office, opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder.
she stood for a moment, rain dripping from the trees over her head, thinking of Maude.
she thrust the envelope back in the bag;
she took Glendora to the smokehouse, unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon, hanging from the smoke-stained rafters.
she went downstairs and received another curious shock, for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins, Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she had n't.
she would n't go back to New York as Maude suggested;
she would n't run like a scared cat.
so somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died.
so suppose somebody only wished to frighten her, so she would leave Honotassa!
that made a certain amount of logic.
the opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions- and questions.
the rice was n't dosed with opium, indeed it had no taste at all, not a grain of salt.
the shelves looked emptier than when Miss Celie had shown her the storeroom, and since the men from the Commissary had called;
there was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she 'd been.
there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now, it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen.
there was no use in standing there in the drizzle, trying to find a link between Emile's murder and opium in a cup of coffee.
there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with.
they would n't go hungry, not yet.
yet Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York.
" Gilborn says he was in his office all day with her yesterday.
" are n't you ever going to go home"?
" it sure as hell does n't look like it, does it?
" remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet".
" right.
## It was a cold, windy day, the day after Kitti's death, but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind.
< who >?
< who?
< who?
< whoever he was and your wife were intimate >.
> he felt no anger towards Kitti, no sense that she had betrayed him.
> she was all he had, everything he had, everything he wanted.
Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench, massaging his right leg.
Conrad interrupted.
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only.
Gilborn passed by him without seeing him.
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words.
I 'd like to make sure.
I 'll see you later".
I 'm telling you, if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to, they' d think twice before letting themselves get knocked off".
Kitti had come along to justify everything.
after leaving Conrad, Gilborn had no destination.
also, it 's just possible she might know something about Mrs& Gilborn".
and so he walked, aimless again.
as he walked, he tried to think.
at last, sitting there, in the familiar surroundings, the truth began to sink in.
but he still wanted to know why.
emotionally, they penetrated him not at all.
except that Kitti was n't there.
for fifty-five years he had lived, progressing towards a no-goal, eating, working, breathing without plan, without reason.
he could not consider it now.
he crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts.
he had lived all his life waiting for her.
he knew Conrad had told him the truth.
he looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity.
he looked at his watch.
he simply walked, not noticing where he was, not caring.
he stopped automatically at the street corners, waiting for the traffic lights to change, unheeding of other people, his coat open and flapping.
he wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black.
in the apartment itself, all was still.
it was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind: the same ones, different ones, in no apparent sequence, in no logical succession.
it was n't so because it could n't be so.
it was so.
it was ten minutes before eleven.
mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe.
not once, in the time that he had known her, had he ever considered the possibility, not once, not for one one-thousandth of a second, of her infidelity.
not really.
of Kitti.
of himself.
she was his goal, she was his reason.
she was the sun, he the closest planet orbiting around her, the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed.
someone had taken her away from him.
the doorman began to nod his head automatically, then remembered who Gilborn was, what had happened to him the night before.
the enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept, with any degree of realism, the actuality of it.
the police were no longer there.
the walk ended, inevitably, right in front of his hotel building.
there was no evidence that anything was different than it had been.
there was nothing coherent about his thinking.
they made sense and yet they did n't.
thirty years' experience let him know, even at this early stage, that Black was his man.
when Kitti was alive- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm- she had been the center of his life.
where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger, there is a right-hand one, he remembered from his school days.
without taking off his coat, he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door.
yet it was n't so.
" also, if you 're going to believe those prints, you 'll have to look for a killer who 's a top-grade piano player".
" got the upstairs guy", he bellows.
" right", said the fingerprint man.
" the owner.
Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and, without straining too hard, she could hear everything that was said.
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new, strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker.
Felix was the exception.
Kitti could have married a score of men.
Kitti had come into the office, on somebody's recommendation, because she needed help in preparing her income tax return.
Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley, taller than Stanley, prettier than Stanley had any right to hope for, much less expect.
Stanley had filled out the return and because, when he was finished, it was close to the lunch hour, he had politely asked Kitti to join him, never expecting her to accept.
Stanley had gone out, saying he would be back in an hour.
after all, he had n't happened upon us in that second-floor hall without warning.
after that day, Blanche still did n't know exactly what had happened.
and then, unexpectedly, Stanley made his announcement.
by the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon, which, one would think, would be late enough so that by then, except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up, it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats.
can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn?
defining sobriety in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system, you are sober.
do I send him up"?
for exactly one week, she was able to continue in this manner.
he demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano, doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack.
he had n't come back for over two.
he had retained his hat and his horn, and, whatever fun might still be going, he was ready to join it.
he was moving like a ballet dancer, playing for laughs.
his hands snatched at an imaginary bucket, swooping down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball that 's been bounced hard.
if Rose Mallory's killer acted this way, catching up with him was going to be a cinch.
in the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that, pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that.
indeed, there was a woman who, unasked, had already given him love.
instead of answering you, he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs.
it 's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr& Average Citizen.
it might have been easier for her if Kitti Walker had n't been everything that Blanche was not.
it was too unprecedented.
just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment.
maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness.
mostly, she stayed in bed.
on that first day, Blanche literally thought she was going to die, or, at the very least, go out of her mind.
on the morning of Stanley's return, however, her strength left her.
perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment, we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness.
she did n't tell anyone, even her mother, what was wrong.
she refused to have a doctor, insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her.
she stayed away for ten days.
somehow, Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations.
that night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in Acapulco.
that, incidentally, might give you some idea of what Felix was like.
the ME's boys had finished their on-the-spot examination and the body had been removed for autopsy.
the meat wagon, therefore, was not out in front of the house any more, but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings.
then, six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office, Stanley announced he and Kitti were married.
there was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn, there was no < need > for her to marry Stanley.
there was, furthermore, the crowd of curious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance.
there were mornings when Stanley came in late, afternoons when he left early, days when he did n't come in at all.
this, you will remember, was still New Year's Day.
those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known.
to make it clearer he shifted to acting out, but with no change of manner, the killing of Rose Mallory.
two hours of watching his serenely happy face, listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures, and Blanche had to leave.
unquestionably, Blanche loved Stanley.
we 'd know him by his stretch pants and the flowers he 'd wear twined in his hair.
while they were away Blanche came into the office every morning, running things as she had always run them for Stanley, going through the week in a dazed stupor, getting things done automatically, out of habit.
you 're a taxpayer, householder, landlord.
you 've been away from home for the New Year festivities, but now the party is over and you come home.
you find your house a focus of public and police attention.
you have your paper horn clutched in your big, craggy fist, and for your entrance you have planned a noisy, colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants.
you identify yourself and ask him what 's going on.
you shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door.
you still have your paper hat and you 're wearing it, but then, it is an extraordinary paper hat and, in addition to anything else you may be, you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard.
" Felix Grubb"?
" Felix Grubb"?
" Grubb", Felix whispered.
" I can n't see what would make it necessary for you to know.
" no.
" our own people.
" past, yes, but important.
" reporters"?
" shh", Felix implored.
" sorry, Mr& Paxton.
" that important".
" that important"?
" we 're here because of what happened last night", he said.
ANDY DID NOT SEE the newspapers the next day.
Edmund, but not for years.
Felix asked.
Felix took us into his studio.
Gibby asked, not bothering to whisper.
Gibby called him back.
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door.
also, if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood.
at each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades.
but where?
everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the workman's comfort, convenience and efficiency.
expecting something more-than-average wacky, I was surprised by what we found.
first thing I did after my twenty-first birthday was go into court and have it officially changed, and this is something I do n't tell everybody.
for years it 's been just Felix.
having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty, he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible.
he finally fell asleep around six in the morning with the aid of a sleeping capsule, a crutch he rarely used, and did n't awaken until early afternoon.
he flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience.
he quickly fixed that, rolling back the shades on some of the skylights and adjusting screens on the others.
he repeated.
he snapped to alertness at Andy's entrance.
he was dozing, perhaps the only sleep he 'd gotten.
here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a tarpaulin draped over it.
if you can possibly avoid it, you do n't hand out any extra chances.
it was still a very big world, despite all the modern cant to the contrary.
it was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house, where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope.
lot of people waiting to see you, though".
memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach.
none of his movements was tentative.
nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world".
nothing new.
obligingly Gibby lowered his voice.
outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day.
presumably the same sun was shining upon little Drew also, and those who had kidnapped him.
since it is important, for the record let 's have the full name".
someone on his staff- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg- intercepted them and for this Andy was grateful.
starting with the room completely blacked out, as it was when we came in, he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare.
supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
that was almost forty years ago".
the cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting.
the equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition.
the killer, if in our present group, would certainly be interested in knowing that much, and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation, there might always be some way.
there was no confusion and no litter.
there was no display of either works in progress or of finished work.
there was no process of trial and error.
there were tools about but they were neatly kept.
these shapes might have been mad, but there was no telling.
they were all completely shrouded.
this was a broth of a boy, our Felix, and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit.
we followed him up the stairs.
when Felix first opened the door on it, all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night.
you may think we did n't need Nancy and Jean, but you always get what you can when you can, and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them could n't be useful before we were through with this case.
" I can n't stop you from doing what you think is right.
" I want you to have the speakers taken out".
" no.
" seems like we 're never going to see eye to eye, Lieutenant.
" someday", Bonner said," you 're going to ask us for help.
" sure, I know.
" the sweaty bastard 's probably halfway to Peru with our money by now".
" they' re drinking, are n't they"?
" what 's he complaining about"?
" what you do n't understand is that I 'm asking for it now".
" you 're a sweetheart- but leave one line open.
Andy crumbled the script in his fist.
Andy passed into the corridor, their" good lucks"!
Andy said," Well, I guess we can n't wait any longer.
Andy sighed.
Andy's performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock.
Bake and Shirl Winter, on separate telephones, could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles, nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts.
Bake asked.
Bake cursed.
Hub, you stick by the stage door.
I can hardly wait".
I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything".
Rocco Vecchio- a perspiring, haggard Vecchio- was standing there, flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards.
Shirl Winter said," I 'll stay on the phone, Mr& Paxton.
Thornburg added in a lower voice but Andy overheard," They act more like a jury than an audience".
Thornburg popped in to advise," Andy, Skolman 's sending up smoke signals.
as Andy reached the finale of his act, a subdued commotion backstage drew his attention to the wings.
but Bonner departed, still full of ill will.
but do n't try to stop me, either".
but it 's such a long shot"-" No longer than yours.
but this was no ordinary show and Andy knew it.
but, admit or not, Bonner was helpless.
did n't they tell you what I wanted the p& a& system for"?
eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy.
following him.
he had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination;
he had to cling to routine, tested procedures.
he may try to phone us".
he stalled for a half-hour longer, hoping to hear something from Vecchio about the ransom money.
here 's where luck would normally step in.
however, it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside, even if Bonner had manpower available for the purpose.
if Rock shows up during the number- or you hear anything- give me the signal".
it was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different, as if he really needed it.
or have a sign on his car that says, ' Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper '"?
the act, cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon, had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone.
the audience had come not to be entertained but to judge.
the crime showed too much planning, the kidnappers appeared too proficient to be caught by a checklist.
the effect was as depressing as a gravestone, the applause irresolute and short-lived.
the evening was still not beyond salvaging, not as a show but for him as a person.
the result had nothing of the polish, pace or cohesion of the previous night.
the worst was yet to come.
their clapping grew more fervent;
there 's a couple of call-backs I can work on".
they were right.
to act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness.
twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak.
we got a bunch of sippers out there tonight.
what do you expect to get tonight, anyway?
when no one smiled, he felt constrained to add," Just kidding, natch".
whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it.
within this framework, what followed was strained, even macabre.
yet Andy plowed ahead, mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning, and gradually his listeners warmed to him.
you about ready"?
you think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces?
" I can n't be underfoot every time those cops turn around!
" I think you had better come home".
" Mae, we 're so busy.
" also, that Mr& Ferguson was here.
" but I could n't do that, even if I were home"!
" is n't enough time to go into it", he finished, and slammed the door in his son's face.
" no **h o **h o. come home right away".
" now they' ve gone, they did n't come back, and they did n't arrest that Dronk boy".
" now, see here"-" The trouble with you", old man Arthur began, and then checked himself.
" then I 'd better wait until five".
" they found something else up there", she said half-aloud to the empty room.
" they took it away, overalls or something".
" what"?
" why on earth did I send him off to work?
" you 'll just have to risk it.
" you sound like an old woman.
## Mrs& Holden turned from the window draperies.
I 'd think that you **h even more than I **h would be wondering what they' re up to.
I 'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous.
I guess he wants to ask you some questions.
I need someone to go out and find out what 's happening".
I stalled him off.
I want you here.
deliberately, she ignored the yelp.
for a moment he thought of going into Crosson's office to explain that he had to leave, but there was now such a pain in his chest, such a pounding in his head, that he decided to let it go.
he could n't see the grin that split her mouth;
he does n't expect you until five".
he got his hat out of the closet.
he got into the car.
he had to cough then;
he passed the receptionist in the outer office, muttering," I 've got to go out for a little while".
he rose from his chair.
he tried to ignore what his own common sense told him, but it was n't possible;
he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face.
her eyes were bright with anticipation.
her motives were too blatant.
his father looked him over closely.
his voice grew high and trembling.
in his office, Mr& Holden replaced the phone slowly.
let her call Crosson if she wanted to, let Crosson raise the roof or even can him, he did n't care.
mr& Crosson 's been on everybody's neck, an order he expected did n't come through and he 's"-" I do n't care.
my God, how much more do you want"?
once out in the street, the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken.
putting the key into the switch, pressing the accelerator with his foot, putting the car into reverse, seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body.
she slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away.
she smoothed the skirt, sat down, then stood up and went back to the windows.
she stood frowning and chewing her lip.
she walked restlessly across the room, then back to the windows.
she wanted him to get into trouble.
she wanted the police to notice him, suspect him.
she was going to keep on scheming, poking, prodding, suggesting, and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions.
she was wearing a brown cotton dress, cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer, a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below.
the old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight.
the teeth that shone into the phone were like a shark's.
there was excuse enough to keep him home **h that young Mr& Arthur 's still over there".
they found some clothes", she tossed in.
they' ll **h they' ll think < I > did something".
what did she think he could do?
what on earth was in Mae's mind, that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing?
when he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home, he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes, sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears.
with sudden energy, she went to the phone and rang Holden's office and asked for him.
you can n't wander along in the dark, can you?
you should have gone to work today, ' stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house".
young Mrs& Arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits.
" I 've never owned any painting overalls.
" I do n't remember any overalls at all".
" Mae, sit down.
" begin to look like him now, would you say?
" green paint, was n't it?
" my goodness, you ought to remember if I do.
" no.
" they were all faded.
( anyone active enough can reach a roof, wherever his room may be.
(" I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband could n't have been.
) and know, while all this went on, that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel.
Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed, how the whole side of her cheek moved, a slab of fat that extended down into her neck.
I 'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago.
a man with a sketch pad in hand sat with a large pink woman in a small office at the end of a long, dim corridor and made pencil lines on paper and said," Is this more like it, Mrs& MacReady?
a seeping coldness entered Holden 's being;
and men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms, sucking dust up once more.
anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle?
at the Hotel Dumont there had, at the time in issue, been twenty-three overnighters, counting couples as singular.
but Gardner Willings was not included;
but you had them".
check the overnighters out.
different about the mouth, huh?
failing to find what was wanted, as was most likely, check out other guests, with special- but not exclusive- attention to those with rooms on the street.
he 's in Boston.
he had been at the Dumont for almost a week.
his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like, liable to break like an icicle at any moment.
it is dull business, detecting, and hard on feet.
it was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel.
it would take time;
it would, almost inevitably, trouble some water.
like, for example, a man carrying a twenty-two rifle, probably with a telescopic sight attached?
long thin suitcase?
men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again, and did the same in a tiny, almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties.
men from the Third Detective District, Eighteenth Precinct, had the longest, the most tedious, job.
more like this, maybe"?
of < course > he 's in"- ) The Hotel King Arthur across the street provided almost twice as many problems.
or are the eyebrows more like this"?
or even yesterday.
put down the cup of coffee.
she had caught him off guard, no preparation, nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster.
she shook her head.
she stood sipping and chewing and watching.
she took another bite of toast.
tell me what this is all about".
tell them the truth **h or something **h before they come here".
the King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters, again counting rooms rather than people.
the King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and did n't want- heaven knew did n't want!- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and, at odd hours of night, drive from smaller stations to distant homes, probably through rain or, in November, something worse.
the King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont.
the police have them now".
the sniper, whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent, would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder, whistling a marching tune.
the twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start, and their identification was the barest of starts.
there was also the one salient question to ask, and ask widely: did you notice anything out of the way?
there was, of course, no hope it really would be that simple.
there was, of course, no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel.
there were other roofs, less convenient but not impossible.
these included, as one, Mr& and Mrs& Anthony Payne, who had checked in a little after noon the day before, and had not checked out together.
wait a minute.
well, I 'm not sure of the color.
what do you"-" I 've been looking for them, and they' re gone.
when he had finished with that, he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else, most probably a busboy.
with names and addresses listed, verification came next.
worn through at the knees".
you 're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened.
you used to paint in them, and then you just took them for rags.
" I know it is n't dinnertime".
" all right", Pam said.
" right"?
" send out a pickup on Mrs& Mason and the boy when you 've got enough to go on", Bill said.
#@# When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins.
( call it mentally young;
( check on the Payne luggage.
) she might now have taken it away again.
) there was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive.
Martha presumably would cope.
Mullins would do.
Mullins?
Pamela North said," Hi", to her cats, and added that proper cats met their humans at the door.
a man named Blaine Smythe, with" y" and" e" but pronounced without them, had been fired at Payne's insistence.
a man named Lars Simon, playwright-director, had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead.
a vague feeling that Anthony Payne had had it coming was hardly a thought and was, in any event, reprehensible.
after a time, it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble.
bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite, and the crack in the plaster.
bitter, unreasoning jealousy?
but at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats, stretching.
but bitterness had more cause to remain, even increasingly to corrode.
but- it happened, almost always, among the primitive and, usually, among the very young.
call it retarded.
got Mullins.
had Faith Constable's explanation of her confidence, so uninvited, been a little thin?
he also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities.
he might deny the latter;
he reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative.
he was also, if Pam North was right, a closer acquaintance of Lauren Payne's than she, now, was inclined to admit.
he would have to be given the opportunity.
he would say, of course, that he had not really had any such wish;
heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too.
here, too, the cause to hate lay well back in the years.
it occurred to Bill Weigand that he was, on a hunch basis, eliminating a good many.
it was evident that Mullins was the man to go.
it was evident that a captain should remain at his desk, directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat.
it was most unlikely that she would be firm.
it was not, whatever tale was told by tails.
let Mullins keep the firm seat;
let Stein.
motive- her husband wandering?
motive.
no lack of opportunity, presuming she had a gun.
of four dark brown ears, one twitched slightly at this.
on the other hand, they, or it, seemed to have no legs whatever.
opportunity was obvious.
seeing the man he blamed for this made much of- youth and bitterness and- Bill picked up the telephone;
shadow looked surprised, wailed, and trotted after her.
shadow, the more talkative, began at once to talk, her voice piteous.
she did not move in primitive circles.
she might be firm.
she might, conceivably, have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase.
she was young, but not that young.
stilts and Shadow, on Pam's bed, appeared to be one cat- rather large, as Siamese cats go, and, to be sure, having two heads and two tails.
stilts, a more direct cat, leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen.
that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say, lightly, meaning nothing.
the Masons, mother or son, or mother < and > son?
the boy had, apparently- if Mrs& MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins- only in recent months been forced to give up college, to work as a busboy.
the hell it is n't dinnertime, two waving tails told Pam North.
they want to be fat cats, Pam thought, and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together.
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say.
which probably would turn out to be true;
with the boy, particularly.
would certainly deny any connection between the two things, or any connection of either with murder.
" fairly recent", he remarked.
" mr& Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since, though.
" oh no. she had reason to change the one she made right after Mr& Meeker's death.
" was she in the habit of making new wills"?
( no additional five thousand for each year after Joan's twenty-first birthday;
) too bad, Madden thought.
Arthur Williams had to be located, they agreed.
Arthur Williams's might well have been included, he felt.
Garth brought one out.
Garth hesitated.
Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair, which would not, he said more than once, have ever come about if Mrs& Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr& Hohlbein or him about it.
Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest.
Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs& Meeker.
Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this, but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth.
Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement.
Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call, this one to Mrs& Meeker's lawyers.
Madden settled back to read the will.
Pauling looked doubtful.
a splendid vote of confidence in Thayer, Madden reflected.
and finally, that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day.
at the time the will was drawn Mr& Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age, knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth".
even two or three years ago I doubt that she 'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair.
he asked to see a copy of Mrs& Meeker's will.
he disliked Garth on sight, conservative clothes and haircut, smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties, handclasp too consciously quick and firm.
he had lunch with Pauling.
he inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers.
he might be Mrs& Meeker's murderer or have played some part in her death.
he might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud;
he skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park, Medfield Hospital, the civic center, the Public Health Nursing Association, the library, and so on, pausing when he came to the scholarship fund.
he went on to personal bequests, a list of names largely unknown to him.
her estate had grown considerably.
if Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder, then he too had another identity.
it would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs.
most of them this past year, I 'd say.
mr& Hohlbein was left twenty thousand, Garth ten.
mr& Hohlbein was out for the day, but Mr& Garth would be free at one-thirty.
mrs& Meeker had n't got around to taking care of that.
mrs& Meeker had n't struck him as ready to seek anyone's advise, least of all Garth 's.
no one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston.
particularly the scholarship fund.
promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garth's elegant suite of offices in Medfield's newest professional building.
scholarship applicant?
she 'd have consulted us, you see.
she always did before, and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised".
she wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most;
tenure, too.
that Mrs& Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer;
that she was active in the Woman's Club and he in Lions, Rotary, and Jaycee;
that there were three children, two boys and a girl;
the date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
the inspector nodded, doubting this.
the police chief shook his head over it.
the secretary's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful.
then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer, who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock.
there were no other names Madden recognized.
this was Madden's suggestion;
to Brian Thayer, the sum of ten thousand dollars;
to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs& Meeker's employ at the time of the latter's death.
to the Pecks, ten thousand each;
twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that, five thousand to another;
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs& Meeker's lifetime, and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail.
very nice for him.
with her sharp tongue she 'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons.
youngish man on the make, Madden labeled him, and was ready to guess that in a correct, not too pushing fashion, the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions;
" I 'll show you how wrong you are.
" I 'm not pulling your leg.
" I want Captain Docherty".
" I was hit- knocked out.
" and you know I can do it".
" easy does it, Phil.
" facing us, two flights up.
" he claims Mahzeer 's in a plot to kill the P&M&".
" he says I 'm to take the message".
" impossible".
" it does n't matter.
" listen to me, Leigh.
" nevertheless it 's true".
" no use, he will n't come".
" not about me?
" so that proves it"!
" well"?
" what happened to your head"?
" where 'd you expect, the john?
" where are they"?
" where is that"?
" who 'd hit you in the head"?
" why not"?
" yes, what is it"?
Docherty said," It's okay, Bonfiglio, let him by".
Docherty went taut: was it possible?
Griffith looked half-crocked to the captain;
Griffith raised placating hands.
Griffith said," Hoag told me to tell you"- he waited until they were close;
Griffith said," That's impossible.
Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it.
Hoag looked terrified.
I 'm on my way".
I < did > get you on the platform this morning".
I was just going.
Mahzeer 's the ambassador".
Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now".
Mahzeer's office".
at the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress.
could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared?
he asked.
he bit out the words.
he finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing.
he nodded triumphantly.
he peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness.
he spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him.
he stared at Hoag drunkenly.
he took several large swallows, recollected that Docherty had gone up another flight, and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him.
he turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back.
if you want to spend another day in the State Department- < another day > - you get in there and tell that captain what I told you".
it was hideously embarrassing-" not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer".
it would be just like him.
look, old man, you can n't go up.
now will you get him"?
on the second landing he paused to look for Docherty, did n't see him, and accepted a glass of champagne.
so why do n't you be a good boy and"- Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders.
tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer".
the way Hoag was, no telling what he might say or do.
they walked toward each other.
they will n't even let you in the front door.
will you call that captain"?
you get back to the captain and tell him this: somebody 's going to take a shot at the prime minister, and Mahzeer is in on the plot.
you mean it, Phil?
you would n't pull my leg, old man?
" no, sir".
" where 's the Lieut"?
#4# After Captain Docherty sent Arleigh Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned, buoyed up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne.
Hoag pushed open the door: at the far end of the long dark room Muller was faintly silhouetted against the window, the rifle still raised;
Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch: evil flourishes in the dark.
Hoag stumbled back into the hall, leaned against the wall, and started to retch.
Killpath peered through half-closed lids at his reflection, thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and about-faced.
Killpath pulled one thin leg up, clamping his arms around the shinbone to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny gut.
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes.
Muller, nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights, threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table;
a following volley of shots shattered glass, ripped the ceiling, and sent him lurching heavily from the table.
a shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain;
all were empty except one, and that one was jammed with letters and magazines.
because I 'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man, and I 'm going to get him.
but leave me alone.
fight with Sam Schaeffer, fight with the whole damned Bureau.
finally, Orville intoned through his hawk nose," We can n't have people running in any time they please, Sergeant".
fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open.
gun set the captain's fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt& Killpath, though he knew that Killpath's ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolff's gift.
gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window.
gun waited.
gun went to the connecting door, which was open, and stood at attention while Orville Torrence Killpath, in full uniform, finished combing his hair.
had Muller made the same deduction?
he climbed, as quickly as he could urge his body, up the two unbroken flights to the third floor, pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade, all that remained of the building's beauty.
he could not break in on an armed man.
he had thought no further than finding Muller.
he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch.
he opened the inner door;
he paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead.
he peered in the boxes themselves;
he put his chin on his kneecap, stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block, and stared wordlessly at his sergeant.
he realized now he had more than half hoped he would n't find him- that Muller would not be here, that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond Hoag's control.
he sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel, though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair.
he stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes.
he stood with his feet apart on a kitchen table he had dragged to the sill.
he turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight, dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag's apartment.
he walked up to the lieutenant's office, leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a submachine gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy Range.
he was dead before his body made contact with the floor.
he would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop.
his face wore a look of outrage.
his thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door.
if you just leave me to hell alone, Lieutenant.
it had been shut again, but the lock was broken;
it was more a matter of tact, and also it was none of Killpath's goddam business.
it was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer.
leave me alone, Gun thought.
now he was certain: the lock had not yielded to Muller's collection of keys;
now what?
on one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes;
the 7:45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut, closing in the assembled day watch.
the clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office.
the cooking odors were stronger- all over the city, at this hour, housewives would be fussing over stoves.
the desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room, including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons.
the lieutenant eyed Gun's reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face, moving the comb methodically around his head.
the lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded, and as Killpath raked the comb through it, it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull.
the names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him.
the occupants of Apartment Number 3 were probably away for a few days, and not likely to return on a Friday.
the room was bathed in light at the instant Muller's second shot came.
the safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain Harris's office ( to the left ), the lieutenant's office ( farther along and to the left ) and the janitor's supply closet ( straight ahead ).
the safe is a repository for three dead flashlight batteries, a hundred and fifty unused left-hand fingerprint cards, a stack of unsold Policemen's Ball tickets from last year, and thirty-seven cents in coins and stamps.
there were six apartments.
this was senseless- he had no idea what to look for.
was there time?
what was he to do now?
" I 'll get my references in order", Needham said, and though he spoke with a smile, Casey somehow got the idea that he was not particularly amused.
" I 'll have to give it some thought", he said.
" I 've been after her for years", Needham said," but I 've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days".
" I asked her why she could n't do it tomorrow, but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she 's afraid to let it go".
" I put her in lamps.
" can I tell you a secret?
" come on, darling.
" have n't I, George"?
" of course not".
" oh, I 've known him quite a while".
" she 's honest as the day", Mr& Phillips said, and added," Mr& Gunnar, I can say this to you: Beebe is a little too honest.
" she says she has to finish a story".
" stop by any time, Casey".
" the sergeant is just leaving".
" where did you pick him up"?
" why do n't you just hire somebody else"?
" you would n't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable, would you"?
## It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers did n't work, that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs, or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes.
#TEN# Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago.
Casey kept his smile fixed, but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham, who was eight or ten years older than the girl.
Casey made some comment, but his mind was busy as he considered the man.
a time plan is a mere convenience, you understand, and when"- He interrupted himself, smiling.
all this went through Casey's mind in the first instant, but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all.
an only child, he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father double-crossed him by dying broke.
and so, still wondering and a little perplexed, he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding.
aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising, Mr& Phillips had no worries at all, and he said as much to Gun Matson, who sat across from him in civilian clothes, on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed, mauve velour, $79.89 nothing-down special!
at the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes, remembering then that he 'd left them at the Doughnuttery.
because he 'd be damned if he was going to be a mid-watch pencil-pusher just to please his ulcerated pro-tem captain.
but even before he started across the oiled road to his Plymouth, parked in the lot under the cypress trees across from the station, he knew that he was n't going home.
do you approve"?
for he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named Barry Jenkins.
he could pick up another pack on his way home, if he were going home.
he just did n't want to talk about it.
he made a point of frowning, of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor.
he shrugged.
he stood up and touched the girl's arm.
he stood up, cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly.
he wanted to ask her about Jenkins now, but he knew he could n't do so in Needham's presence.
he was always well groomed and well tailored, and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university.
he was perhaps thirty-two, nicely set up, with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave.
he wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Betty's estate to subsidize him.
his name was George Needham and he, too, had come from a good family.
if the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night, Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour;
if you 're really serious about working on that story, I 'd better take you home".
it was nine o'clock in the morning: the hour which, like a spade turning clods of earth, exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night.
it was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will, and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two display windows.
it was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpath's office.
language was no problem anyway;
mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day.
mr& Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street.
mr& Phillips took a razor to < Gonzalez, Prop&, > but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome.
none of this showed in his face, and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand.
not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpath's little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders.
not yet.
now, as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office, he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks, not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out.
on the right window, at eye level, in smaller print but also in gold, was < Gonzalez, Prop&, > and under that, < Se Habla Espanol >.
she glanced at her companion fondly.
she had grown up with young Jenkins, and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice.
she made a face at him and then she laughed.
since then he had worked at this and that, though some said his main interest was gambling.
that way I do n't lose so much".
the girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched Casey's hand.
we 're going to get married.
you can n't tell a customer how much it 's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down!
" Casey?
" now"?
" pretty quick", she replied.
" reverse", Elaine said, then peered through the loop of the RDF and waved to Poet.
" we 're out just a little too far.
" will you drop the anchor"?
Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth, and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision.
Nick watched her somewhat enviously as she efficiently cut the engines, and started the auxiliary motor.
Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them, but he said nothing.
a few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break.
a second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor.
a tension similar to the one now.
all had fallen into a complete silence, listening to the wind whistle over the wings.
and anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk.
as soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number.
but instead of chatter there was a null, like on the radio direction finder.
by the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down.
each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up.
finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes.
for over the years he had received many such calls.
he 'd landed the plane on a small airstrip in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had coasted to a stop, everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment.
he asked.
he called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon.
he considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too.
he dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up.
he did n't.
he did not bother with his radio- there would be time for that later- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned.
he had done all he could and that was that.
he had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again.
he kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink.
he should have stayed here and watched Burton.
he was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes, and it took him only three more to reach the corner, a block from Columbus Avenue.
he, Casey, had been scared for a while, but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible.
if you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys".
if you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can.
it seemed as if they were all under a spell.
it was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements, and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes.
make a 90 degree straight for shore".
no one had prayed.
no one had screamed.
nobody, he suddenly realized, was saying anything.
once, in New York, he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine.
only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony, and, like the police, Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time.
only then did he decide he did n't want one.
others because they expected some sort of reward for the information.
poet came in, raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw Elaine.
poet came up from below, wearing new bathing trunks.
poet nodded, swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor.
she cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore.
slowly he pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl, and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another, tune in the null, then draw in a line on the chart.
so he made a mistake.
so what?
some of them came from people who identified themselves.
some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past.
the pilot had been good.
the police car had pulled up behind a small sedan, its headlights still on.
the price tag hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the chartroom and looked at it curiously.
the rock and roll music coming from the radio station suddenly faded as the boat coasted into the null on the RDF.
there had been tension in the plane during the silent descent;
there should be an excited conversation, for somewhere, directly below them, was a treasure lost for more than four hundred years.
they had all been laughing, joking, when suddenly the engine had failed.
when he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent.
when he was told that no one had seen Burton since then, he thought of three other places that were possibilities.
you do n't know me but I know you.
" I 'll get some ointment".
" do you need a bandage"?
" hurts like hell for a second, then it disappears".
" it 's like banging a shin", he said, his eyes lingered on Nick's face, then moved back to Elaine.
" kee-reist"!
Elaine recovered first, so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction.
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway.
HARBOR POINT sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a steamer clam.
Nick sensed it.
Nick's body became rigid.
a black, snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him, spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head.
a man mountain running to lard in his middle-age.
a sharp pain lanced across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs, joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky.
and then Nick knew that all of them knew **h Elaine, himself **h and Poet.
as if this was a signal, Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water.
at once the excruciating pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden, wild exultation.
at the same instant, Elaine screamed wildly, the sound ending abruptly as Nick went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic, struggling Poet.
at the same instant, Nick hit the barrel and threw himself upon the smaller man.
at the same instant, he grabbed the loose, writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece.
but Nick would not let go.
but her walk was too steady, too slow, telegraphing her fear.
but the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage.
chief Bob Moore looked his same hick-self;
desperately, Nick flashed one hand up, catching Poet's neck in the bend of his elbow.
for a split second, Nick relaxed his grip and Poet's slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him, holding him now from the rear.
hardly expected the < head > of County Homicide up for this murder.
her face was frozen into the mask of a mannequin, her body absolutely motionless.
his face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm.
his forearm smashed painfully into the narrow washboard and he grimaced as he grabbed his bruised limb with his other hand and rolled into the boat.
his sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth.
instinctively aware of the charged atmosphere, Poet raised his head slowly, looking first at Elaine.
instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose.
it 's a rich village but not much for action- too many solid residents, not enough tourists or working stiffs.
it 's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter- about seven months ago.
poet a murderer?
poet rubbed his arm.
poet twisted again and Nick's knuckles scraped on the air tank, ripping off the skin.
poet was not fighting Nick now.
poet was the captured, arms pinioned to his side, and he twisted convulsively trying to escape.
poet would escape, Nick thought grimly, because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water.
poet!
proves a college education pays off".
relentlessly, Nick held on, sucking on the hose, inhaling the air that belonged to Poet.
rookie investigator last summer and now it 's < Inspector Jed >.
seeing me he said with real surprise," Well, well, ai n't we honored!
she asked steadily.
she had caught the implication of the oath.
so did Poet.
something flailed at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around.
springing like a cat, he leaped back, swooped up the spring gun and, whirling, pointed it toward the cabin.
suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water, not rising, not sinking.
the air hose was free!
the discovery struck Nick like a blow.
the fin on his foot caught on the moulding, throwing him off balance.
the gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine.
the moment the sea closed over Nick, some atavistic sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic.
the rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead, bounced painlessly off Nick's chin, then disappeared.
the sudden silence was too silent.
the wide flippers on Poet's feet gave his legs incredible power, driving the two of them down into the water as they rolled over and over.
the word hissed distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet.
took me 19 years to become Chief of our three man police force.
turning quickly toward Elaine, Nick saw that she, too, stood in shocked surprise.
turning slowly he saw Poet in a brilliant glare of horror.
you sure climbed fast, Jed.
" I 'll take you there.
" I never see none.
" did Mrs& Buck owe him any wages"?
" did n't have no family- around here.
" did you hear Tim return"?
" does your husband have a car"?
" got us an old station wagon.
" have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs& Buck were arguing about"?
" her"?
" mrs& Buck have any men friends"?
" naw, we 'll use mine", Moore said, opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster.
" no sir.
" probably wages.
" was she on friendly terms with other members of her family"?
" well, for this week, but they was n't due 'till Saturday.
" yeah, it 's a real load", I told him, looking up the street at my battered Ford.
I asked a silly question:" you 've no idea where your husband could be, now"?
I asked.
I asked.
I do the living room last.
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil.
I knew she was lying.
I stood there, staring at her for a moment- thinking mostly of her beauty and her poverty.
I told Moore," Where does Tim's wife live"?
I walked into the living room.
I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom- way I always do in the morning".
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar.
Moore said," Come on, Jed, I have to get to my men".
Nellie Harris was n't old, she was ancient- a tiny shriveled woman with a face like a tan prune.
Tim is a good man, hard working.
as I slid in beside him he said," Some heap, hey?
but then I was n't her social secretary".
even if he angry, Tim would n't hurt a woman.
everything shouted gentleman farming, the kind of grandfather-father-to son folding money the Point is known for.
five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house, and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow.
got a heck of a buy on this, dirt cheap".
he never in his life took a hand to a woman or **h"" We 'll get him soon, see what he says", Chief Moore cut in.
he strong as a bull but gentle as a baby.
in late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these.
listen, Mr& Inspector, no matter what anybody say, my Tim did n't kill that woman!
look Jed, this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon.
mrs& Tim Williams was about 21, with skin the color of bitter chocolate, and if you discounted the plain dress and worn slippers, she was startlingly pretty.
mrs& Williams was both sullen and frightened.
need it for the job".
nobody came until Chief Moore".
now they were empty, except for a cottage across the road.
okay, come on".
on my way out I told her," If you should **h eh **h just happen to see your husband, get him to give himself up.
she calmly repeated what Moore had told me.
she had n't seen him since.
she said she did n't know a thing- Tim had left the house at six in the morning, as usual.
she shook her head.
she was also stone deaf in her right ear.
the fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage, while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture.
the inside of their place was full of new furniture, five bucks down and a buck a week stuff, but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home.
the old gal stared at me with her hard eyes, said," She did n't call.
the wrinkled mouth laughed, revealing astonishingly strong, white, teeth.
there did n't seem to be any signs of a struggle.
there was a garage and a modern barn in the rear, all of it standing between two large flat fields planted in early potatoes.
they had a son- killed in the war".
walking back down Main Street, I said," I saw the Harbor 's one squad car at the road block, we 'll ride out in my car".
we did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks.
when I asked," Why did n't you go into the living room to see how Mrs& Buck was"?
years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security, so 's I would n't have to be working now, Miss Julia threatened to fire me- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her".
" I 'd like the room I had the last time".
" I 'm with the Syndicated Press, Feature Service.
" I do n't believe it".
" anybody with a contagious disease been in there"?
" anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105"?
" certainly, sir".
" do you recall the number"?
" front!
" it 's just that- well, 1105 is being redecorated".
" it was 1105".
" larger and more comfortable.
" no"!
" of course not"!
" st-story"?
" suppose you tell me the real reason", he drawled.
" that suite is taken".
" there is no story", he piped tremulously.
" there might be a story in it".
" we have better rooms vacant now", he babbled.
## On the train Alec refreshed his memory of the Beauclerk case by reading teletype flimsies- spot-news stories about the crime sent out by the < Pearson City Star, > a member of the Syndicate Press.
## The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City, and definitely second-rate.
Alec leaned on the desk, holding the clerk's eyes with his.
Alec's face was dark, blunt, and sulky.
Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy, Victorian dignity- black walnut and red plush, a black and white tiled floor, and Persian rugs.
Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk.
Daniel Forbes, her divorced husband, lived there.
Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York.
Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity.
Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes, who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture.
Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p&m&.
a man, lighting a match for his cigar, paused until the flame burned his fingers.
according to Stacy, she told him she was planning to remarry and she wanted him to ask Forbes for the lump sum.
according to the medical examiner, she was shot between eleven p&m& and one a&m&.
after all, the murderer is still at large.
and the key to the suite is still missing".
at the same rate".
at the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried.
either I get the story- or I get the suite".
even the bellboys on their bench were listening.
find a motive for Stacy or an opportunity for Forbes and the case would be solved.
he always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous.
he raised his voice.
he studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary.
he was looking dangerous now.
her door was locked and the key was missing.
it was blackmail and the clerk knew it.
next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a .22-caliber Colt revolver in her brain.
no one saw Stacy leave.
no other visitor inquired for her that evening.
opposite the number 1105 stood one word: < unoccupied >.
she reached Pearson City at nine p&m& and went straight to the Hotel Westmore.
she telephoned the junior partner of her law firm, Martin Stacy, and asked him to call at her hotel that evening.
she was in good health and spirits, but still determined to get the money from Forbes.
so did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce, Kimball and Stacy.
so was the gun.
the clerk was almost hysterical.
the clerk was young and limp, with a tired smile.
the clerk's eyes flickered.
the clerk's glance followed Alec 's.
the clerk's smile congealed.
there was a sudden stillness in the lobby.
two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City.
two women, who had been chattering like parrots, were struck dumb.
when Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk.
" did you kill Diana Beauclerk"?
" do n't you speak English"?
" oh, come on, snap out of it!
" sister", said he" do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven"?
" what are you doing here"?
Alec expected an indignant denial, but there was no response at all.
Alec leaned forward to look.
Alec promptly removed the gun.
Alec turned him over and discovered a round, lumpy face with narrow, slanting eyes- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans.
Alec waited a moment, on guard.
Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld.
a forefinger pointed toward his gullet.
a professional gunman would not have killed her with a weapon of such small caliber as a .22.
abandoning caution, Alec leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch.
again he groped for the light switch.
and I knew they knew it, for I 'd told them a lot of it.
and she answered," I do n't know, but I hope you 'll never do such a thing".
before he could snap it on, a stinging blow caught him in the ribs.
but he was surprised to meet it here.
but you realize, I am sure, how much old deeds incite to new ones, and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones.
cautiously Alec tensed his muscles, ready to jump.
demanded Alec.
he had a short, heavy, powerful body.
he had seen it in the lineup at Police Headquarters in New York, in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms, in the criminal courts.
he lashed out blindly with his right.
he opened his eyes.
he put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be.
he said, and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Day's swamp.
he was familiar with this type.
he was sharpening his razor.
his eyes were dazed.
his ghost is not laid.
his lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him.
in good time I shall get to the distressing actuality, to Red McIver and Handley Walker, to murder and sudden death.
it was in 1814 that Abraham Wharf and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on Dogtown Common, a desolate place even then.
much, I assure you.
nor would he choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a one-way ride on a lonely country road.
nothing happened.
on the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
only that curious, animal grunting Alec had heard during their fight.
or I 'll turn you over to the police"!
red and Handley, God help them, knew the old Dogtown lore;
rough cloth rasped his fist.
someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window.
something hard grazed his knuckles.
something heavy shook the floor as it dropped.
that 's why I beg you not to forget him.
the bedsprings betrayed him with a creak.
the blue rug had been rolled up and stacked in one corner of the room.
the man made no reply.
the man opened his mouth wider.
the man opened his mouth, but no words came.
the man's eyelids fluttered.
the man's shoes were too pointed, his overcoat too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist.
the shadow vanished.
the silence was getting on Alec's nerves.
there was a grunt, curiously inarticulate, like that of an animal in pain.
there was a slight bulge under the left armpit- a shoulder holster.
there was a thick, squashy crack of fist on flesh.
there were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated.
they had learned, both of them, about Abraham Wharf.
what has this to do with the present?
without a tremor," God forbid"!
you must know what gets into people, even such as Red and Handley, before you can tell what comes out of them.
" by God, it 's that damn Handley, the sneak"!
( when you see him, you 'll notice his habit of fingering, I might almost say, stroking a large mole with black hairs on it, by his right temple.
) a sensual man, but very courteous, some would say slick.
< le rouge et le noir >.
Anta, his wife, never seemed to mind.
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary, tear-filled eyes.
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence.
I myself had been up there by seven o'clock, after mushrooms, since there 'd been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass.
I suppose Handley knew it.
I suppose these absences gave her more clearance for her embraces with Cousin Handley.
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly.
I would call them the patterns of life, perhaps even the designs of destiny.
a disturbing picture of bad blood, to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors, for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta, Red's wife, up on Dogtown Common.
a real gentleman, I feel, would do neither.
about five years ago, Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register.
after the usual Honorable Sirs, it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg, one lower room, on the Western side, privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ), also one Cow Right, and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower, namely the Beech Pasture.
and I remember that the whole of the privileges, not counting the Beech Pasture, was valued at twenty pounds.
and later in the same week they both came together to examine the register.
any more than they have the sense to eat mussels.
anyhow, I was n't surprised, early that morning, to see Handley himself crossing from Dogtown Common Road to the Back Road.
both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings, but to which of the cousins did it belong, Anta or Freya?
but for my presence, they would have been at each others' throats.
by such touches the pattern takes shape.
during the quarrel I learned what the trouble was, from the accusations each hurled at the other.
fortunately we were alone in the building- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days- for they began to abuse each other in the foulest language.
fortunately, I knew almost exactly what the will had said.
gloomy and unkempt as Red McIver was, he was much the better painter.
he 's always like that, in spite of being a big man.
he 's always worn a broad-brimmed hat, and I 've noticed, in my small study at the Society, that he rather smells of cosmetics.
he had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing.
he is the sort who, with an appraising eye, would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her.
he too asked to see the same page.
he was courteous and casual about it, as though it were of no consequence.
if Red had a show at Gloucester, Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport.
in fact, he often disappeared, from time to time,- off to paint the sea, aboard a dragger out from Gloucester.
it began with a preamble, of course.
it would have been a good excuse for his being there at all.
like his glossy black hair.
no, he did n't have his gun, which he should have.
not much to shoot, but there are a few pheasant.
not that I intentionally go unperceived, but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman.
oh yes, he 'd talked about doing so.
one month ago, on the 20th of October, was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts.
one other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you.
paint!
rabbits, too, if you care for them, which most of the folk around here have n't the sense to appreciate.
red always was morose, yet that day the dapper Handley was the louder of the two.
red thrusting out his tawny beard, Handley glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair.
red was small and fine-boned, like ivory-inlay.
that battle scene, ridiculous at it was, remained in my mind.
that was the day Red was said to have gone away.
that's what the man had said.
the Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable.
the next week, cousin Red wandered in as casually, but curt and untidy.
there 's a fine granite quarry there, and granite 's coming back for public buildings.
they actually bristled.
this explained that the judge of probate of Essex County, 1785 or 1786, appointed three free-holders of Gloucester to divide and establish the Norberg estate.
too many outside manners, to my taste.
violent men both.
was the man drunk or crazy or both?
when I told him someone had torn it out, he shouted.
yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case, as you would call it, till yesterday.
you may say this has little pertinence, but, gentlemen, remember that all this prepared my mind, alerted my intelligence.
you would call these the motives of crime.
" but why pay her bills?
" oh yes.
" that bitch would love a divorce", he growled.
" then she 'd get half of everything I have.
## HE had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table, as far as possible from any talkative, friendly lushes.
< so you thought I did n't mean what I said >.
Haney did n't want to encourage his company, but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow, to prevent possible trouble.
Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry, dark little man.
Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks.
Haney scowled.
I 'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share.
I came out here to retire.
Pete frowned slightly, then became sad and moody.
Pete nodded understandingly.
Phil shrugged and ignored him.
after a while he began to feel better about it, especially when no one bothered to ask any questions.
after all, the man had no family, so no one suffered, and everybody was better off for it.
but after all, why should they?
but there was no trouble.
by Wednesday the landlord was still alive.
community property deal- you know.
he 'd have to start going to some of the other places again.
he began to wish that he had n't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing.
he had already quite forgotten about him.
he had apparently been alone.
he had n't even noticed- what was his name?
he looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table, smiling a secret smile at him, as if they were fellow conspirators.
he made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice.
he might be very tight, but he knew where he was.
he muttered something about how terrible it was, and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator.
he was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with bourbon slightly moistened with water.
he went back to work Monday.
he went for more aspirin later in the day, and passed the surly landlord on the way- he was still alive and scowling as usual, as if tenants were a burden in his life.
his real grievance was Lolly.
his spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened.
however, Haney knew it was not a dream.
if she runs around with other men, and if you hate her as you say, why not just divorce her"?
in a low voice, almost whispering, the man had asked Phil if he was happy with the way the landlord had been taken off his back.
in fact, he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment.
in time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife, He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes.
inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly.
it was like a recurrent, annoying dream, but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare.
it was the same bar, and it was two weeks later- Saturday night, when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual.
late that afternoon, it seemed, he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection.
nobody witnessed the fall- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance.
now I see.
of course **h On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly, and wished the stranger could do something about her **h Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police car parked in front of the apartment building.
once inside his apartment, he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair.
pete?- he had n't seen him sit down.
really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just as a favor!
she can drop dead"!
still later, he finally convinced himself that it < was > an accident- just a coincidence.
that 's why I- why I do a free job now and then.
the guy sulked over his drink, obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation.
the landlord had died.
the man was uncanny, like a shadow, and made as much noise as a shadow.
the stranger really had nothing to do with it, of course **h Haney went to bed, happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord.
the stranger's eyes were large and sad, as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings.
this favorite grievance was not the landlord.
to break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
toward the end of his fourth hairy highball, while he was moodily making wet rings on the table-top with the bottom of the glass, he became aware that he was not alone.
was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep for a bar-buddy?
when he paused to moisten his throat, the stranger broke in.
you must understand, I have n't been in this state too long.
" I 've been careful about fingerprints.
" cool", I told him.
" how do you feel"?
" if we left one we 'd have to wipe it for fingerprints.
" let 's put him down again the way he was.
" nothing.
" right.
" same.
" take them", I said.
" we can n't take a chance on that.
" we do n't want to know whether he 's dead, yet.
" what do you feel"?
Charlie asked me.
Charlie said," Good boy.
I dug him, I saw his point;
I gauged that blow to be borderline.
I nodded to Charlie.
I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat, but Charlie said" Wait"!- and said it sharply, not as in the Patchen bit, but as an order- so I stopped my hand and looked at him.
I said," Wait **h wait" to Charlie and he grinned, digging the reference.
I said," Wait", and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink.
I took the piece of pipe from Charlie's hand and used it, harder than he had.
about halfway through the second bottle, Charlie looked at me across Pops, who was sitting between us and asked" Now"?
all right, now I 'll give you a hand".
and he 'd have taken the weapon with him too, so we take that.
and he 'd never known what hit him- he 'd never known that < anything > had hit him.
and we 'll never know which.
besides, I doubt if the cops will even try dusting.
but let 's not talk about it abstractly until we 're out of here.
dig"?
he had a capacity;
he seemed as drunk as when I 'd first talked to him, but no drunker.
he was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me.
here 's the picture we want to leave for the fuzz- whenever the body gets found.
how about you"?
if they' d been working on a bottle or a jug he 'd have taken it with him".
if we 'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we 'd have had to go out for more wine.
it 's a more natural position".
it made sense.
it was a kick, but not a big enough one for me to want to take the chance again, except for stakes.
it was a lead pipe cinch.
let 's do that".
now"- He looked around.
now, first question: the bottles.
our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets.
out cold, if not dead;
pop was taking long ones, but not showing the effect yet.
same goes for the rough cement of the ledge.
shall we take them all with us, or leave one"?
that did it, if mine did n't.
that way we 'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the accomplice.
the < thunk > was louder, anyway, and I thought I heard bone crack.
the second bottle passed a few times.
there are the boards over the window, of course, but they' re not painted and too rough to take prints.
there was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon with your finger, only louder, and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise.
they find dead winos every day, maybe they will n't even autopsy him for the cause of death".
this happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum.
to kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill.
we 'd heard the record together once.
we 've got to assume they' ll decide he was murdered and we 've got to keep the picture consistent.
we did that.
we straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat.
well **h maybe I 'm exaggerating.
when he handed it back and I had hold of it safely, Pops was looking toward me and I said" Now", to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe he 'd meanwhile taken from his pocket, once.
you hit again about twice that hard before we know whether he 's dead or not.
" ' taught to grow '"?
" I 'll carry the tray".
" I feel fine!
" I ought to be asleep, too, but I felt like a snack.
" Larry teaches plants to grow.
" Mike, there's Mars.
" Mike?
" a fine idea", Mike agreed.
" asleep.
" come on, there 's some cold chicken and we 'll see what else".
" do n't bother", Mike answered.
" fine".
" it is Mars".
" let 's take it outside.
" oh".
" okay, take the tray.
" on the side toward the horizon- the southern hemisphere- it is spring;
" sure, I 'm hungry"!
" warm enough to swim- real Indian summer.
<" hi"!
<" thou art God" >.
>" oh.
Ben and Stinky went home an hour ago and people started going to bed".
I 'll switch on the floods".
I 'll switch on the underwater lights.
Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up, and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it;
Mike felt disappointed that Mahmoud had left;
Mike liked having light up through the ripples;
Mike remained in trance;
are you hungry"?
as for the night being warm, he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure;
before midnight he speeded his heart, resumed normal breathing, ran down his check list, uncurled and sat up.
but he was looking forward to snow- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual, as he had read- walking barefoot, rolling in it.
he could see in almost total darkness.
he felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet.
he had been weary;
he hesitated.
he hesitated;
he stepped out into the hall, was delighted to encounter a water brother.
he studied them, compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling, struggling to bridge between languages, the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in.
he wanted to explain his new grokking.
he was closer to understanding it in English now, although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for.
he was considerate of their weakness, once he learned of it.
hello, Mike.
his foster parents had taught him to see.
in his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking.
in the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother.
it 's plenty warm".
it is Mars, is n't it?
it was a goodness, beauty.
my, you look chipper".
now he felt light and gay and clear-headed, ready for the many actions he saw spreading out before him.
or Antares"?
plants are being taught to grow".
repeating it like a student telling himself that the jewel is in the lotus he sank into nirvana.
that' ll be plenty to eat by".
the question was too wide for the sparse English language.
the word" church" which turned up over and over again among Jubal's words gave him knotty difficulty;
there was much to grok, loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle ( not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) **h why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy, how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not, the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing- Jubal's conversations coming and going- Jubal's words troubled him most;
there was no Martian concept to match it- unless one took" church" and" worship" and" God" and" congregation" and many other words and equated them to the totality of the only world he had known during growing-waiting **h then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected ( by each differently ) by Jubal, by Mahmoud, by Digby.
they picnicked by the pool, then lay back on the grass and looked at stars.
they went downstairs, loaded a tray lavishly.
what are they doing on Mars"?
where is everybody"?
" I held still for the same thing, did n't I?
" but it was inevitable!
" but the third ship came back several years ago and reported **h"" That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings"!
" forgive me, Sandalphon", said Hal.
" how did you know"?
" okay, I 'm Happy.
" you can n't touch him.
" you mean this punk can brush me aside and I 've got to hold still for it"?
Digby calmed down, but made one request.
Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh.
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down, then said," Listen, junior, you 're an angel now- so forget it.
Foster shook his halo.
I 'm helping you now, am I not?
I believe it was on page 573"!
I still bear scars on my back where Pornsen, my < gapt >, whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough.
Jubal could n't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting- ABC < vs > D, then BCD < vs > A **h or AB < vs > CD, or AD < vs > CB, through all ways that four women can gang up on each other.
Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom- and did n't want to inquire.
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance when it was announced, and, when he did, while he had a fleeting suspicion, he dismissed it;
Jubal would not have minded it if service had not gone to pieces.
Macneff smiled and said," I am glad that your scriptural lessons have left such an impression".
Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes.
Mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches.
absent-minded, subject to unexplained tears **h Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming, she would memorize date, time, personae, events, and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes.
afterwards you did well enough.
anyhow, it was high time the boy was salted.
as I grew older and was promoted, so was he, always where I was.
besides, they were not the only impressions.
but, I 'm telling you, it' ll be turned down- you do n't understand the System yet.
check with one of them, go ahead- there 's no professional jealousy here".
did not the Forerunner predict in his < Time and the World Line > that such a planet would be found?
eternity is no time for recriminations.
even rock-steady Anne- Hell, Anne was the worst!
get Happy, junior"!
he said sharply.
he was a good impresser, that Pornsen.
he was my < gapt > in the creche.
his household had gone through an upset.
how could they not?
however, we sent a third vessel out, a much smaller and faster one than the first two.
if Mike had had a finger in it, he had gotten away with it- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he was n't bothered.
if you need a Day off to calm down, duck over to the Muslim Paradise and take it.
is!
now look, there's work to be done and lots of it.
now that Short is Supreme Bishop he 'll do all right, he can n't help it.
oh, you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself.
otherwise, straighten your halo, square your wings, and dig in.
said Hal, forgetting in his enthusiasm that he had not been asked to speak.
same as with the Popes.
some of them were warts until they got promoted.
that is all I can tell you about them.
the Boss wants performance, not gripes.
the Man from Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished- and that stupid jackass Short was certain to louse it up.
the Martians have their own setup, different from ours, and as long as they need him, we can n't touch him.
the expense and time involved are astronomical.
the girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in" to see if Mike was all right" and they were too preoccupied to cook, much less be secretaries.
the sooner you act like an angel the quicker you 'll feel angelic.
they run their show their way- the Universe has variety, something for everybody- a fact you field workers often miss".
this continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church, during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before.
thought Hal.
was?
we have learned much about interstellar drives since a hundred years ago;
where do I start"?
you should n't have tried to.
you too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me.
" I had no idea that you, too, would be on this glorious voyage.
" Sigmen love you, too, my guardian", said Hal, choking.
" how wonderful to see your cherished self.
" my beloved ward, my perennial gadfly", said the whining voice.
#5# THE < Gabriel > pointed towards her destination and, under one-gee acceleration, began to build up towards her ultimate velocity, 99.1 percent of the speed of light.
( or, perhaps, < especially > in an Angel, whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago.
Hal Yarrow was among the last to go into the suspensor and among the first to come out.
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur.
I had thought we would never again speak to each other".
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
Mary was free to marry again, not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce, thinking that death had dissolved her marriage.
Pornsen.
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it.
again, a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied.
all the other parts of speech: nouns, pronouns, adjectives, adverbs, and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs.
and the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation.
and, as Hal found out, obviously mistaken in many cases.
and, from the first, he faced a difficult task.
and, in the half-year left before reaching their destination, the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed.
and, slowly, feeling himself icy yet burning, Hal turned.
another obstacle was the grammatical construction of Siddo.
but I might have known!
consider the tense system.
for one thing, the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from Earthmen 's;
fortunately, gender was inflected, though the expression of it would be difficult for anybody not born in Siddo.
he and Mary would no longer have to tear and rend at each other;
he had a time keeping the tears from welling to his own eyes as he stood in the crowd in the observation dome.
he had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen, Siddo.
he would no longer have to see that fat face, hear that whining voice **h" Hal Yarrow"!
here they would lie in suspended animation for many years.
his duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the < Gabriel > how to speak Ozagen.
instead of inflecting a verb or using an unattached particle to indicate the past or future, Siddo used an entirely different word.
it was true that they could be approximated, but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations?
love to you, my ward".
many years later, the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration.
meanwhile, all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship, went into the suspensor.
moreover, even getting this across would be difficult.
no doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer.
no matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the < gapt > **h The < gapt >.
perhaps, the psychological barriers that had prevented her from conceiving Hal's child would no longer be present.
perhaps.
plus the fact that Siddo not only had the normal ( to Earthmen ) three genders of masculine, feminine, and neuter, but the two extra of inanimate and spiritual.
said the whining voice.
she would have a year in which to make up her mind, to choose a mate from a list selected by her < gapt >.
some time later, after a check had been made of all automatic equipment, the crew would join the others.
the description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted.
the expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words.
the same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses.
the sounds made by these organs were, therefore, dissimilar.
the system of indicating gender varied according to tense.
their mutual torture would be over.
then, after slowing the vessel considerably, the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration.
there was the squat loose-jowled man, smiling lopsidedly up at him.
these members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel.
they would sleep while the < Gabriel's > drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured.
this discovery caused Hal anxiety.
this is not wholly a reasoning process- a computer cannot do it all- and even in an Angel it takes time.
this was not, for the Angel, just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain, or deciding on some action from some already established premise.
thus, the masculine animate infinitive < dabhumaksanigalu 'ahai, > meaning < to live >, was, in the perfect tense, < ksu 'u 'peli 'afo >, and, in the future, < mai 'teipa >.
upon reaching the desired speed, the automatic equipment would cut off the drive, and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end.
we seem to be bound by love;
what Gabriel was being asked to do now, however, was to re-examine all his basic assumptions, make value-judgments on them, and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives.
yet, he told himself, this was the best way.
yet, if he used all of the little means at his disposal, he would be instructing his students wrongly.
" Hesperus!
" Hesperus"?
" I 'm going to turn my generator back on, as I promised to do.
" as for my elders, they have already admitted that they were wrong.
" nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it", Hesperus said promptly.
" receiving".
" where?
" you can n't see them yet, Jack.
" your brothers have been found.
## For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw.
#STERN CHASE 10# LANGER WOULD HAVE to be headed off, whether he knew where he was going or not.
I do n't see them.
I know it 's not part of the bargain, and your elders might not like it".
Jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had excised from the Nernst generator switch.
Jack scanned the skies, the boards, and the skies again.
after all, he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from, and he was an almost frighteningly observant man.
almost surely he did;
and it was getting bigger rapidly.
and there would be no chance of signaling them- without the Nernst generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static, and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone.
and whether intentional or not, the outcome would be disastrous.
and why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels, and being followed by so many of them?
but I can n't take you to Earth yet.
but even more awesome was the fact that it was trailing an enormous comet' s-tail of Angels.
but fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place- and he already had an Angel aboard.
but he was too late.
but it did n't matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of Holies, or was simply headed in that direction by accident.
but not having talked to the Angels, he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line.
but there was no small way to handle this one.
but where was it going?
first I 've got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble.
fuming, helpless, he watched them pass him.
gradually, he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished, and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up.
had he decided, perhaps, that the center of the cloud was a center of government, instead of a center of life and faith"?
he had lost his audience.
he had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff, and he had to have it fast.
he turned back to the screens, the crucial, conclusive phrase on his lips.
he would never have believed, without seeing it, that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast.
if because of this incident they become angry with Earth, I will not be permitted to go there at all.
if it was intentional, it was now also unnecessary;
if that was the skiff, it was making unprecedented speed.
it seemed to be only a riot of color, light and meaningless activity.
it seemed unlikely that her crew, if either of them were alive, could even see the < Ariadne >, for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a light-year.
it was a startling, almost numenous sight;
it was clear that Langer had at last found a way to attract the Angel's attention.
it was equally clear that as of this moment, the treaty was off.
no- there was a tiny pip on the radar;
nothing.
the Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions, seemingly at random.
the curve on the card the computer spat back at him could n't be argued with, however.
the instruments do n't show them".
the sail was still unfurled, though there were a good many holes in it, as Langer had predicted would be the case by now.
the sail, ragged though it was, still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars.
the skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula- toward that place which, Jack knew now, could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angel's life and religion.
the skiff was not heading for the nursery, however.
then the skiff hove into sight, just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack.
there was only one possible answer, but Jack 's horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiff's course into the computer.
therefore of course I will help".
they are on their way here".
they' ll be in range in a short while".
through the telescope, Jack could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it.
what 's going on here?
what 's happened"?
when he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses, however, he hesitated.
will you obstruct this, or will you help?
" I do n't know about that.
" I do n't know, Stormy.
" I think we 'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here.
" and that is"?
" at this stage of the game anything could be possible.
" but < what > about our landing was lethal to the creatures"?
" hey, this is pretty close to a wart-hog".
" it looks like we did, when we made blastdown".
" maybe", the captain admitted.
" no, it is n't", Ekstrohm said.
" one of the best matches I 've ever found.
" radiation"?
" suppose it was < not > us that killed these aliens.
" the planet is very low in radiation from mineral deposits, and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output.
" then maybe it was the shockwave we set up.
" uh-huh", Ryan admitted.
" what shall we do with this one?
## EKSTROHM lay in his bunk and thought, the camp is quiet.
## THE surveyor looked sidewise at the captain.
Ekstrohm cleared his throat.
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138.
Ekstrohm never slept.
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot.
Ekstrohm stood up.
Ekstrohm suggested.
Ekstrohm was not asleep.
I just hope it does n't work on Earthmen too.
Ryan nudged it with his toe, following Ekstrohm's example.
any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters".
but there 's one possibility I particularly do n't like".
but what was there to do?
dissect it"?
each man had a bubble to himself, privacy after the long period of enforced intimacy on board the ship.
he no longer had to lie in his bunk all night, his eyes closed, pretending to sleep.
he threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk, to the floor.
in privacy he could walk around, leave the light on, read.
in the meantime, we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent.
insects there were on the world, but they were frozen solid during the night, only to revive and thaw in the morning sun.
it makes you wonder if this exploration business is n't all some big joke, and somebody has been < everywhere > before you even started".
it sure as hell does n't look like any dominant intelligent species to me.
it was small comfort for insomnia.
maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and do n't have any R 's stored up, they could take a < lot > without harm".
maybe it would work the other way.
no hands, for one thing.
now there could be an end to pretending.
of course, that 's not definite proof".
or maybe it 's sheer xenophobia.
statistical average and all.
still, it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world.
suppose it is something right on the planet, native to it.
the Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship.
the big man seldom gave out with such thoughts.
the bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board.
the camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles, ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being.
there was a keening of wind, and a cracking of the frozen ground.
there was no longer any need to hide.
there was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship, except that, faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground, they simply had to get out.
these critters went real sudden".
they curl up and die at the sight of something strange and alien- like a spaceship".
they walked from midnight to noon, noon to midnight, and came to the beast sprawled on its side.
well, it has to happen.
what had changed for him?
what killed them"?
yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly, now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum.
" I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw".
" I do n't think I can.
" I meant that you have a nice singing voice **h dear", the lady amended.
" I was n't planning on jumping you.
" do n't try anything violent, Stormy.
" thank you.
" vocal peculiarities often become excessively irritating during prolonged intra-stellar distances and must be eliminated.
" why, what a lovely voice you have", said one of the female visitors.
" work"?
" yes, we have quite a few years of voice training, madam", remarked Helva calmly.
Ekstrohm scowled.
Helva asked, politely.
Helva" looked" up and caught a fascinating panorama of regular, dirty craters on a flaky pink surface.
Helva's civilization was not without busy, do-good associations, exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens.
Helva's class was doing Fine Arts, a selective subject in her crowded program.
Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy, a warm, dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings.
Helva.
I enjoyed my lessons".
I give you my word I 'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke, or to deliberately foul up the expedition.
I outweigh you fifty pounds and I 'm fast for a big man".
Ryan shook his head.
a ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships.
although this was the first time that Helva had seen unshelled people, she took this experience calmly.
and very, very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine.
any other reaction would have been reported instantly.
as long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations, and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering, Helva would live a rewarding, rich and unusual life, a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary," normal" being.
as she matured, more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship.
as she worked she absentmindedly crooned, producing a curious sound.
asked the lady.
brain ships were, of course, long past the experimental stages.
for Helva was destined to be the" brain" half of a scout ship, partnered with a man or a woman, whichever she chose, as the mobile half.
for her first three vegetable months she waved her crabbed claws, kicked weakly with her clubbed feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant.
her hum became a gurgle of surprise.
her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high.
her subject was large- a copy of the Last Supper- and her canvas, small- the head of a tiny screw.
however, no diagram of her brain patterns, no early I&Q& tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn.
instead of grabbing with hands, she manipulated mechanical extensions.
instead of kicking feet, Helva's neural responses started her wheels;
look for them, will you?
most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small, eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells.
most of their original objections about" shells" were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies < were > mercifully concealed.
not so obvious to her, but of more importance to her teachers, Helva ingested the precepts of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her nutrient fluid.
one of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's" class", seventeen thrived in the metal shells.
one such group got all incensed over shelled" children" when Helva was just turning fourteen.
she had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel.
she had tuned her sight to the proper degree.
she instinctively regulated her" sight" until the skin lost its cratered look and the pores assumed normal proportions.
she instinctively sheered away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further meditation.
she lived and was given a name.
she was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery.
she would be among the elite of her kind.
she would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction.
shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were, but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe.
shell people used their own vocal cords and diaphragms but sound issued through microphones rather than mouths.
so, for happy years, Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates, playing such games as Stall, Power-Seek, studying her lessons in trajectory, propulsion techniques, computation, logistics, mental hygiene, basic alien psychology, philology, space history, law, traffic, codes: all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning, logical, informed citizen.
soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began.
take my word, can n't you"?
there 's still such a thing as mental illness.
they would have to bide their official time and see, trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her, too, as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession.
very few committees ever looked past the first few photos.
when they were forced to, Central Worlds shrugged its shoulders, arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories, complete with photographs.
why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong?
would you like to see my work"?
you may not be responsible".
" is n't it wonderful?
" no directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret, but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you, you beautiful thing".
" of course you can.
## Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him.
B 'dikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit Mercer.
B 'dikkat was sterilizing his knives.
I 'm so happy to be here".
I can talk.
I do so believe in death"!
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm.
Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion, closed his eyes briefly, and opened them to see stars shining.
Mercer smiled at her through his happiness.
Mercer spoke to her.
Mercer stammered, not knowing what B 'dikkat meant, and the two-nosed man answered for him," I think he has a nice baby head, but it is n't big enough for you to take yet".
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming.
a painful stab hit him in the abdomen.
after a long time the half-man dragged himself over to the group with his powerful arms.
always she had had the company of other shells and more recently, technicians by the score.
at last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain.
but is n't this nice **h" With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack.
do you have anything for me"?
formerly he had noticed them- now he felt them.
having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them, and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged.
he endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement.
he forced himself to be deliberate.
he had.
he knew all the events which could take place on Shayol.
he rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert," That was a good bite.
he remembered them well from his happy period.
he struggled out of his clothes.
he stumbled and fell, but it did not hurt.
he tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug, and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again.
he tried to run after B 'dikkat, to hug the lead spacesuit, to tell B 'dikkat that he loved him.
he tried to tell the Lady Da, but the words were n't quite straight.
he was wide awake, but he did not feel like doing anything.
he watched his own body with remote, casual interest.
he wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this.
in that beautiful place, among all those companionable and attractive people, he sat and smiled.
it was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did.
it was like the cap in the hospital, only a thousand times better.
it would have killed you in the cabin.
maybe I will grow another head.
people never live forever.
remember, man, remember.
said she," I 'm strong, too.
she radiated warmth and good fellowship.
that would make B 'dikkat happy"!
the Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him.
the Lady Da forced the foremost of her bodies in an upright position.
the agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him, but meant nothing.
the dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way;
the drug canceled out his needs for cycles of the body.
the drug went after the pain and swallowed it.
the many-bodied girl lay near him.
the pain was gone, though it had been crippling the first time.
the pains themselves had not changed;
the sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive.
the two women babbled and crooned at him.
the woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them.
time had no meaning.
we can die, too, we can die like real people.
with most of his mind he was happy.
with one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing, just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it.
you 're beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
" people never live forever".
# The years, if they were years, went by.
DAN MORGAN TOLD HIMSELF HE WOULD FORGET Ann Turner.
Mercer read it, and so had a few of the others, but they could not tell which man had done it.
Mercer, despite his happiness, wept a little at the strange fate of B 'dikkat.
Morgan hesitated, thinking that if this was a trick, it was a good one.
Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
because the summer was unusually dry and hot, the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years.
but all of this was rationalization.
each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann;
each day the hurt was a little duller, a little less poignant.
far long ago, some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter.
he certainly did n't want a wife who was fickle as Ann.
he cleaned his shovel, left it against the fence, picked up his Winchester, and started downstream.
he could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water, so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows.
he found that if he was tired enough at night, he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake.
he had no idea how much time Budd would give him.
he had plenty of work to do.
he remembered the last time he had eaten- actual eggs from an actual pan.
he staggered back to the group.
he stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon, but nothing happened, each day dragging out with monotonous calm.
he was well rid of her.
her statement was a hope, not a truth in which they could believe.
his handwriting was on a rock.
his own fate he accepted.
his plans and dreams had revolved around her so much and for so long that now he felt as if he had nothing.
his visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow, angling toward the house.
if he had married her, he 'd have been asking for trouble.
in any case, he had no intention of being caught asleep, so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence.
it could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up.
no one walked in this country, least of all Ed Dow or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew.
nor did they care.
now I can only write, and that only when I get out of pain.
now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly, staggering, as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet.
once, like you, I had one head, two hands, ten fingers on my hands.
reaching the house ahead of them, he waited with his Winchester in his hands.
she lay there, making no effort to get back on her feet.
sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann, and then could not get back to sleep.
sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men;
the Lady Da, naked in the dusty plain, waved a hospitable hand and showed that there was a place for him to sit beside her.
the best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work.
the boy came on to the porch and sat down, his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring.
the dromozoa kept him alive, but he did not know how they did it.
the easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country, but there was a stubborn streak in him that would n't allow it.
the front part of my head was called a face, and I could talk with it.
the grass in the meadows came fast, now that the warm weather was here.
the land of Shayol did not change.
the letter, scraped on stone, had been a message home.
the secret little corner of his mind, which stayed sane through happiness and pain, made him wonder about B 'dikkat.
there was night and day, but no setting of crops, no change of season, no generations of men.
there was no dream of escape for these people.
there were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them, but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less.
they could still read the opening:" once, I was like you, stepping out of my window at the end of day, and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in.
they crawled through the north fence and came on toward him, and now he saw that both were young, not more than nineteen or twenty.
they did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses, to exchange names with each other, to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all.
they were dirty, their clothes were torn, and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door.
those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez.
though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin, they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh.
time stood still for these people, and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning.
was B 'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day, surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself?
what kept him happy without super-condamine?
what persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol?
when they were closer and he saw that one was a woman, he was more puzzled than ever.
when, in late afternoon on the last day in June, he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house, he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle.
" I 'll see", Morgan said.
" I 'm Dan Morgan.
" I 'm a mess", she said, and suddenly she was alarmed.
" I 'm sorry, Mr& Morgan.
" I 've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan, but I used to work on a ranch.
" I do n't have many strays coming to my front door", he said.
" I know", Jones said dejectedly.
" I mean, we do n't have any way to get there and we can n't expect you to quit work just to take us to town".
" and hungry", he said.
" could you find me a needle and thread"?
" it 's all right", he said.
" mr& Morgan, it 's the best-looking food I ever saw".
" my dress needs some work on it".
" no, she 'll be all right", Jones said quickly.
" not much of a meal"?
" of course".
" oh".
" right now you need a meal and a bath.
" start in.
" that 's all I 'm sure of".
" that's my spare bedroom.
" think you can walk to the table"?
" we 'll pay you back if you 'll let us.
" we 'll see", Morgan said.
" we 're not drunkards", she said.
" which are you"?
" who are you?
" you 're awfully kind", the girl said.
I 'm usually a very strong woman, but I 'm awfully tired".
I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep".
Morgan filled the fire box with wood again, then started supper and set the table.
Morgan laughed.
Sharon, she 's cooked in a restaurant.
do you take in all the strays who come by"?
he carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall.
he caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen.
he nodded and, going into the bedroom, brought a needle, thread, and scissors.
he nodded at the door in front of him.
he said," I 've got some supper ready".
he said:" I 'm going to bed".
he said:" you 'll feel a lot better after you have a bath.
he told himself he had never seen two people eat so much.
how did we get here"?
it 's not much of a meal, but it 's what I eat".
she got to her feet, staggered, and almost fell.
she helped him with the dishes, then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark.
she rubbed her eyes and stretched, then sat up, her hands going to her hair.
she said," I guess the Lord looks out for fools, drunkards, and innocents".
she sat down at the table, shaking her head.
she stared at him, her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said;
some way".
the bed is n't made, but you 'll find plenty of blankets there".
the girl asked.
the girl cried.
the grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself.
then she murmured:" you 're very kind, Mr& Morgan.
this is the Rafter M. you fell down in front of the house, and I carried you in.
we 'll work hard, Mr& Morgan".
when he saw the expression in her eyes, he knew he could n't send them on.
when the meal was ready, he told Jones to wash up, and going into the front room, woke the girl.
when they were finally satisfied, Jones said," I think he 's going to give us work".
you 'll have to go to town to see the doc".
your feet are in bad shape, Mrs& Jones.
your wife 's in terrible shape".
" California".
" I hate to leave my garden", Gavin said.
" I loved this valley", he whispered huskily.
" I made you so you could stand up.
" I made you what you are", Gavin whispered.
" clay", he said," where are we goin"?
" he 's leavin.
" help me up, Clay.
" it will grow again- in California".
" lived alone here for three years, before any man came.
" she does n't want you now.
" that 's a new land.
" they' ll trample it down.
" to a ranch in the valley.
" yes, Gavin, you did".
" yes, like a father and son".
" you take it easy, boy", Clayton whispered.
## THEY HAD been seen as soon as they left the ranch, picked out of the darkness by the weary though watchful eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the windless shelter of the trees.
#THIRTY-FIVE# THEY RODE at a measured pace through the valley.
Clayton called to him and he came slowly down the steps.
Clayton is with him, takin him out of the valley.
Clayton lifted him gently into the saddle, like a child.
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump.
Gavin began to nod.
Gavin sighed bitterly.
Gavin stood on the porch, a thin figure.
I do n't know yet, it 's crazy;
I do n't want to leave it".
I have to think about it.
I loved my garden".
I made you a man".
Lester heard their muttering, saw their eyes reveal their desire.
a bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains, followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky.
a man could make a mark there.
but California is where we 're goin".
but the liquor had flushed their courage.
dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest.
he approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion 's quivering neck.
he had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand, the stock bumping on the wood floor.
he saw them ambushed, strewn in the postures of the broken and the dying.
he worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat, dry and cracked.
help me up, I feel kind of stiff".
in that inert landscape the caravan of his desires passed before his mind.
in vain his mind groped to reassemble the bones of the relationships he had sought so desperately, but they would not come to life.
it looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago, on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moon's wind- a savage land, untenanted and brooding, too strong to be broken by the will of men.
it was nice then, so peaceful and quiet.
lived alone by the river.
start out fresh, the two of us, like nothin had ever happened".
that's what you wanted, is n't it?
the men in Pettigrew's were tired from a night's drinking, their faces red and baggy.
the moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land, seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light, looked primeval, as if no man had ever trespassed before.
the silence oppressed him, made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search.
the two horses broke from the yard, from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house, into the darkness.
the two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon, crying their intelligence.
the wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies.
then at last the darkness began to dissolve.
there 's someone there I have to see.
there was no one but me.
they greeted the news angrily, as though they had been cheated of purpose.
they passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills.
two men, together like us, we could do somethin fine out there, maybe find a place where no one 's ever been.
we may take her with us- to California.
you can 't"-" Keep out of this", Purvis snarled.
you take it easy, your time will come".
" Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride", he said.
" I 'm going to walk up to the horses, bold as brass, pretending I 'm one of the guerrillas.
" all right", he said.
" be careful, McLish"!
" is that you, Bill"?
" running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock"?
" stay well back of me", he said.
" the main bunch is outside, but there are some over there inside the wall".
" the way you were careful"?
" we 'll grab horses", Dean said.
" we 'll stampede the rest.
" we 'll talk later.
" who's thet"?
Dean turned from Susan and took Julia Fortune in his arms.
Mike debated it, trying to decide whether Fiske was strong enough to ride.
Mike kept walking and got within arm's reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch.
Mike only said," Later".
Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses.
Mike silenced them.
Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
Mike turned away.
Susan halted Dean and kissed him.
Susan said fiercely.
a voice spoke near-at-hand.
about a dozen animals were held inside the stockade, as best Mike could make out in the moonlight.
all of you be ready to ride hell for leather".
and using him, Mike McLish, as a sop to her pride.
and, for the sake of Julia and Susan, it had to be tried.
but it at least offered him a chance for living.
but the luck that had been running their way left him.
evidently this was a precaution so that mounts would be available in an emergency.
first, we 've got to get out of here".
he added," If this does n't work out, the three of you barricade yourself in the house and talk terms with them".
he felt unutterably weary.
he had none here.
he handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol.
he handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol.
he handed the guard's rifle to Fiske.
he kept going.
he kissed her also, and with deep tenderness.
he located his man.
he might say or do something foolish.
he might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself, pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Dean's affections from her.
he released her and joined Mike.
he snorted.
he tried to veer the rifle around to fire into Mike's body.
he wanted no more sentimental scenes with her.
he was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss had n't meant what he had believed it had.
holding the pistol concealed, he walked to the rear wall of the stockade.
it was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings.
just me", Mike said.
light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground.
no doubt there would be men guarding the horses.
one wing stood open.
she clung to him, talking to him, and dabbing at her eyes.
she too began to weep.
someone evidently was on duty there.
something all of them would regret.
the guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle.
the guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight.
the guerrilla bivouac remained silent.
there 's bound to be someone on guard, but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close".
they were tethered, army style, on stable lines.
you stay with the ladies.
" drag the wagons to the spring"!
" gawdamighty"!
" get a bucket line going"!
" hurry!
" run 'em right into the spring!
" there goes our grub an' ammunition"!
Calhoun shouted.
Lew Durkin yelled.
Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner, spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty.
Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired.
Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them.
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door.
a brace of pistols, holstered on belts, hung from a peg, along with ammunition pouches.
a bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety.
a lantern hung from a peg, giving light.
a sizable supply of powder had been touched off.
an ammunition case stood open, containing canisters which contained powder cartridges.
another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down.
at the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle Mike had given him and another guerrilla was hit.
both buildings were in flames.
bullets began to snap past him.
bursting paper cartridges, he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the canister upon it.
but what few containers they found were inadequate.
ducking inside, he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner.
guerrillas were only a dozen yards away, charging the house.
guerrillas were racing toward him.
he dropped a man with the first bullet.
he hovered over her to shield her, for spent bullets were thudding against the rear walls.
he looked at the looming hoods of the supply wagons, struck by a new inspiration.
he peered from a loophole.
he picked up the powder canister and ran out.
he set his bundle down.
he shouldered the blanket again, backed off, and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon.
he turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house.
his looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas.
hurry"!
hustle"!
its force spun him around, but he recovered and got into stride again.
many of them, in increasing panic, came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort.
mike rolled to Susan, grasped her around the knees, dragging her off her feet.
one of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame.
one screeched.
one struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack.
powder flame gushed beneath the wagon.
she crouched aside as bullets beat at the portal, chewing into the planks.
shouldering the load he peered from the door.
snatching the lantern from its peg, he shattered its globe with a blow against a post.
some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak.
that halted the rush.
the blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
the glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows, giving light enough to examine Mike's wound.
the guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring.
the guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
the guerrillas scattered for cover.
the heat drove the guerrillas back.
the iron hinges held, but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars.
the mudwagon had caught fire also.
the orderly room seemed to be deserted.
the roof of the command post began to buckle.
the stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him.
the three of them floundered through the door into the interior and fell in a heap.
the wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings.
the wagons were burning fiercely.
they realized the truth.
" Oso", Montero called" I 'll get Gray Eyes".
" hold your fire", Montero was shouting.
" if you 're goin' to kill ' em- kill 'em"!
" lead up!
" that' ll be a pleasure to see", the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle.
" wait until my shot.
#28.
ATTACK# GRAY EYES ATTACKED OUR camp just as the first pink threads stitched together the hills and the sky.
I 'll shoot the first man who does n't".
I could see them in my sights.
I did n't catch a wink.
I found his chest in my sights.
I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head, bouncing like a rubber ball.
I squeezed the trigger.
Montero had set up a strong position, using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush.
Montero was shouting.
Montero's rifle cracked.
Oso growled.
Oso slept unconcernedly, his rifle cradled in his arms;
a horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy.
a rifle cracked;
although we did n't expect the attack before dawn, the long cloudy night, filled with the sounds of the industrious insects, seemed endless.
as he started to slump over, another warrior swung him onto his horse.
at first I thought he had missed.
at first they were only feathers and dark indistinguishable faces and bodies, hunched over their horses' heads.
at the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony.
buckets were filled, the herd fed and watered.
coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts, the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl.
every time I closed my eyes, I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife.
far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing.
gradually they emerged as men.
gray Eyes remained erect.
gray Eyes was in the lead.
he had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire.
he jerked once in the grass and lay still.
he started to run but Oso's shot caught him on the wing.
he was naked except for a clout.
his face was split by a vermilion streak, his eyes were pools of white;
his legs pumped furiously, his long black hair streamed out behind him.
his mouth was open, his neck corded with the strain of his screams.
it had a red circle.
it was a relief when they finally came.
jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest.
lead up!
my God, how long is he going to wait, I thought **h.
next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions.
one of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek.
our camp was in the center of a wide valley.
out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men, war shields, lances, blankets and wounded and dead horses.
the Aricaras broke under the devastating fire, wheeled and retreated.
the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible.
the circle came nearer and nearer.
the cooks had prepared one of the best meals we 'd had in a long time, and on Montero's orders had baked enough bread to last the day.
the feathered lance was still above his head.
the morning air was filled with the sweetish odor of new-spilled blood, the acrid stench of frightened horses, and the bitterness of burned powder.
the pony herd was the one flaw in our defense;
the square head fell over.
the worst part had been the waiting;
they poured through the opening in the valley, then spread out in a long line to come at us, brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry.
they were about a mile off;
they' ll be back"!
under me the ground quivered slightly.
what else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides.
wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors.
" Carwood did n't tell you that", she said.
" I do n't mind washing dishes now and then", he said pleasantly.
" I know him.
" I ought to"- he said.
" Jake Carwood.
" but it 's understandable.
" from a man in St& Louis", Wilson said.
" it does n't hurt.
" it would n't matter to my father, and not to me.
" no", Wilson said.
" that quirt- I ought to use it on you, where it would do the most good.
" there 's some mistake", he said finally.
" you 're right about the fire.
" you bought it"?
" you own this place"?
I 'll let you go back to doing the dishes now".
I 'm not leaving in the morning.
I have it with me, right here.
I meant what I said about that fire.
I ought to.
I own the place".
Wilson did n't say anything.
and it does n't make any difference.
and make sure it 's out when you leave in the morning".
be sure it 's out when you leave.
but a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light, and Wilson had a good look at him.
but you 're wrong about the rest of it.
he got up slowly, and she was already on her feet, and he stood facing her.
he grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee, taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him.
he meant to say more, but he never got the chance.
he sold me a clear title.
he stood watching the girl, wondering what was coming next.
he took the reins just below the bit and held them firmly, and it was his turn to smile now.
he was shaking with anger, his breath coming in long, painful gasps.
he was taken aback.
he was tall and dark-skinned, a half-breed, Wilson thought.
he wiped the blood from his cheek.
if you want to see"-" Never mind", she said sternly.
if you were a man"-" She is n't, mister".
it 's bigger than it has to be, though I do n't see where it 's doing any harm.
it 's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of.
it did n't seem to tell her anything.
it made him a little sick, and he let go of her.
it might hurt < you, > though.
it took him a long time to compose himself.
it was meant to insult him, and did n't quite succeed.
maybe you know him".
my father ran him off here six years ago".
she brought the quirt down, slashing it across his cheek, and he tried to step back.
she came down against him, and he tried to break her fall.
she glanced around the clearing, taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground, the two kids, the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight.
she had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him.
she said, and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly.
she showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face.
she studied it for a long time.
she swung the quirt again, and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle.
she was quick.
somebody might mistake you for a woman".
that 's all.
the fire had gone down, and the man was only a shadow against the trees.
the girl laughed.
the voice came from behind him, and Wilson turned.
then she turned back to Wilson and smiled, and he was n't quite sure what she meant by it.
why should I?
#2# They had the house cleaned up by noon, and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses.
I 'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes, if you want me".
I was nearly thirty at the time.
I went to the hall in the afternoons only, on these preliminary matters.
I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded.
Judith Pierce.
Kathy was already in the wagon.
Wilson backed the team into the traces, and wished they were n't going to town at all.
a glimpse of three of four vague figures, at the most.
a red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there, watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road.
a warm breeze played across it, moving it like waves.
all dusty and sunbaked.
already some of the pain had gone from Amelia's death.
and he had a feeling- thanks to the girl- that things would get worse before they got better.
and there was a house;
and they had almost everything they needed: land, a house, two whiteface bulls, three horses.
but there was water.
but they were starting a new life.
drifting here and there.
good grass, good water.
he finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him.
he found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream.
he had a feeling that the girl meant trouble.
he had an uneasy feeling about it.
he had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning, and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem.
he scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out.
he stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness, and finally went over to help him.
if she did, he could stand it better in the light.
in the last analysis, though, Wilson had little cause to complain.
it had n't started out that way.
it took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville.
it was dark and, I sensed, very large;
it was hotter once they reached the flat, and drier, but the grass was better.
it was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember.
livable perhaps, but badly in need of repairs.
not all of it.
not tonight, at any rate.
only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it.
since they could see me but I not them, their presence in the hall disturbed me.
six hundred and forty acres, the old man back in St& Louis had said;
sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness.
squatting, as if waiting.
such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this;
that afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house, his hopes had been high.
that girl last night, what was her name?
the clerk paid them no attention.
the coyote was calling again, and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it.
the first part of the road was steep, but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley.
the land was n't all Wilson had expected of it.
the place had been cheap- just the little he had left after Amelia's burial- and it would serve its purpose.
the place was quiet.
the pulsing glow of a cigarette.
the town was about what Wilson expected: one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings, a water tower, a few warehouses, a single hotel;
the water was there, so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard.
there was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees, fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard.
there was brush, and stands of pine that no grass could grow under, and places so steep that cattle would n't stop to graze.
there was only one place where Jake Carwood's description had gone badly awry: the peace and quiet.
there were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres.
there would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief.
there's better things to do than listen to something like that.
they were going to town, and they were both excited.
under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all.
well, the grass was there, though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it.
yes, there was plenty of water, too much, and that was probably the trouble.
" hell with it".
" let 's get one thing straight, you and me.
" tie him up".
" what did you want me to do, kiss him?
Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around.
Barton said harshly," Why did you do that"?
Fred Rankin looked at him.
I could consult this personage on any weekday morning, though not before ten o'clock.
I felt certain that the director, like the afternoon clerk, seldom moved beyond the counter, that the hall, to them, was a jungle, a dark and unwelcome place.
I had always, I said, hankered after working hard with my hands.
I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs.
I had the impression that he had read my forms, perhaps several times.
I kept circling the block hoping to see, from the street behind it, the rear of the hall.
I rapped my knuckles on the counter.
I returned to the hall, despite my dislike for the clerk.
I stopped by the counter.
I was at once disappointed, although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained.
Rankin sneered at him.
although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people.
as I had expected, he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application.
as he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper, slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall.
at last, when I put it to him directly, the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual.
before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head, hard.
begging my pardon, he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall.
but he came toward me sedately enough, showed me around the counter, offered me a seat inside his office, then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application.
but it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it.
cigarette butts littered the floor.
for weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages, truck terminals and taxi repair shops, gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters, yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there.
he did not look at them now.
he dumped me in solitary twice".
he had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there;
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit, brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar.
he spoke, in a voice as immaculate as his appearance.
he was a man in his late forties, with graying hair, of medium height;
he wore perforated, white-topped shoes;
if you ever try anything without my orders I 'll kill you".
indeed, my scholastic qualifications were such that he, a college graduate himself, must envy me them.
it resembled nothing I 'd ever seen before.
it seemed to Barton that the green eyes mocked him, the thin-lipped smile held insolence, but he had no time to waste now.
its front was windowless, but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows, now blinded, had once looked out upon the street.
meanwhile spring had passed well into summer.
no one was behind it, but in the rear wall of the office I noticed, for the first time, a door which had been left partially open.
past it I could see part of a desk, a flag in a corner, a rug on the floor.
sometimes I noticed the tops of ships' masts and funnels reaching above the pier roofs.
the big fans were going, drawing from the large room the remnants of stale smoke which drifted about in pale strata underneath the ceiling.
the clerk impressed this upon me: that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock.
the director came to the door.
the director's office.
the flat, hard cap was small, but he thrust it to the back of his head.
the hall, on the other hand, appeared lifeless and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons.
the man went over without sound, falling to the bare floor.
the only reason we brought you was to get Miller out.
the sounds issuing from beyond- winches whirring, men shouting- indicated great activity and excited me.
the staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men.
these questions did not surprise me;
they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment.
this desire, I went on, growing voluble as my conviction was aroused, had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing.
though I doubted that he would understand me, I told the director my motives for applying.
to this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence.
was I sure, he asked, that I knew what I was applying for?
what sort of men I would come into contact with, at the hall?
when I asked him what, if anything, I could do about it, he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall.
when I went for my interview with the director I saw why.
why had I registered?
" I was afraid of this.
" as mad as ever.
" bury those uniforms so they will n't be found".
" but you can n't ride into the Ferry.
" dealing faro".
" dealing faro?
" everyone.
" he 's in Morgan's Ferry".
" how do the valley people feel"?
" if you had n't I 'd have killed you".
" my boy.
" the hell you do".
" the road 's washed badly", said Dill," but there 's a trail you can get over with a horse.
" what 's he doing there"?
" your choice", he said briefly, and turned to Kid Boyd.
" your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres' saloon".
Barton cursed under his breath.
Barton half-straightened in surprise.
Barton nodded.
Barton stood up.
Barton waited for a long moment, then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind.
Barton's voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it.
Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man.
Dill had come up also.
Dill was silent as if he hated to answer, and Barton had a cold, sick feeling of apprehension.
Dill's voice tightened.
I 'm an outsider.
I almost did n't tell you".
I understand how you feel about the child **h".
Mitch Barton knew the place.
Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply, letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled.
a company of cavalry could n't come in there if two men were guarding that trail".
after another long pause he asked," How many people know who they are"?
again Dill hesitated.
both hated Donald Kruger.
but Kruger's men keep them off balance, and they do n't trust me.
but if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals, men who knew how to use a gun against men, who would match the killers on the other side.
did you find him"?
for his first five years in prison, they had shared a cell.
he 's informed them of everything you 've ever written him.
he 's quite a rat, you know.
he had been the auditor for the mining syndicate, and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the syndicate's money.
he had done time for the theft.
he said now," I 've got the perfect headquarters set up.
he said tensely," All right.
he sold out to Kruger's men.
he too knew the agony of going for weeks, sometimes months without the solace of tobacco.
he wanted a careful, uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley.
he wants your ranch".
how come"?
it had drawn them together, and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night's escape.
let 's go get the boy".
that's what they' ll expect you to do.
the old Haskell mine".
the one thing they had in common was their hatred.
then Barton touched Carl Dill's arm and moved off, up the river bank.
then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned.
they had spent a million dollars, carving in a road, putting up buildings, drilling their haulage tunnel.
they squatted on their heels in the deep mud and Dill found a cigar in his breast pocket, passing it over silently.
they' ll be there waiting for you.
through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly.
twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the Haskell claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley.
when they learn you 're in the hills though, they' ll rally, do n't worry about that".
your cousin Finley saw to that.
Indian ghosts would not impinge upon his nights, nor would his days be haunted by the dimly-outlined, ill-conceived figure of her benighted ancestor.
Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along.
Pamela shook her head.
Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near.
a few days ago, she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous;
all of her movements were careful and methodical, partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime.
at one and the same time, she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry.
atonement, if atonement were possible, could only be made at that sacred, sacrificial basin.
birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun, all dewy-eyed and soft, caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time.
bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger, and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass, Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction.
but she was caught in it, and she faced the terrible possibility that, if it were a dream, it was one from which she might never awaken.
facing the forest now, she who had not dared to enter it before, walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool.
having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her, Pamela was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them.
he had belonged to this land and, perhaps, had desecrated it- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him.
here, she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom.
his bright, daylight mind would whistle away such images;
his presence would have interfered with her duty.
how could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent?
if she, Pamela, were being held responsible for his crimes, then hers must be the final act of expiation.
if the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim, she tried not to heed.
if, as she walked, her steps fumbled from time to time, she chose to ignore that omen.
if, when this was all over, she found the words to tell him about it, she wondered if he would ever understand.
in her grim pursuit of tranquillity, Pamela focused her thoughts on her husband.
it did not care what sort of person prowled its woods, plucked at its bark or stripped the berries from its bushes.
it was a bold, dark castle of pine boughs that stood like a medieval fortress, eclipsing the sun and human time.
it was not, thought Pamela, such an evil place after all.
it was there that she would have to enact her renunciation, beg forgiveness.
knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man.
nevertheless, she continued to move upward.
no wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning.
on her bureau lay a small, brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving- an object which, Pamela believed now, had been the property of her great-grandfather, Major Hiram Munroe Culver.
perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream.
perhaps it was insane, Pamela thought.
perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed.
red man or white man, pacifist or killer, the forest would accept them all- knowing that it could thrive equally well on slaughter and beneficence;
she did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail;
she directed all of her mental and physical energy toward achieving this one goal.
she locked the ignition, removed the keys, stepped out of the car and went into the house.
she must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest.
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest.
she must not think about time.
she regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought, and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated, undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants.
she remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace, and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it.
she was sure she would reach the pool by climbing, and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of obstacles.
she would return this symbol to the mountain, as one pours seed back into the soil every Spring **h or as ancient fertility cults demand annual human sacrifice.
silence came into the forest- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees.
silence walked at Pamela's side, its presence numbingly close, yet too far for her to hear.
slowly and thoughtfully, she slipped the ornament into the pocket of her slacks, moved down the stairs and out of the house.
success depended upon maintaining her equanimity;
that mistake, she thought, had cost her dearly these past few days, and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her.
that was another one of those traps.
the forest had become an alien world where she strove, alone, unprotected, unguided, to deal with whatever hindrances were offered.
the forest took on an impersonal aspect.
the forest was open and freely welcoming, extending an enchanted hand.
the ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle.
the mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles.
the slight flutter that had disturbed the motion of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now, and even the dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not reawaken her fear.
the trees huddled more closely together, their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun.
there was only one place where the mountain might receive her- that unnamed, unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom.
they would not dare to face his scoffing.
today, on the contrary, it seemed utterly reasonable.
unconcerned, indifferent, unmotivated, the forest was simply there- fighting man's depredations with more abundant growth and man's follies with its own musical evening laughter.
was it not possible, after all, that the forest was in league with her and her child **h that its sympathy lay with the Culvers **h that she had erred in failing to understand this?
when the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house, Pamela turned the wheel, guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house, and stopped.
" I feel like getting back to town, that's what I feel like!
" Tom!
" aah, go on", she said.
" can n't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute"?
" how- with what?
" i"- She broke off, frowning.
" just go the hell on".
" looky".
" might get there faster walkin'", Lord drawled," seein' as how I got a busted front spring.
" not a danged thing but rattlesnakes, so I reckon I 'll get the boss rattler to help me".
" now, ai n't it the truth"?
" oh, cut it out, Tom"!
" or maybe you just do n't feel like a cigar"?
" see that wildcat"?
" this ai n't your brand, maybe", Lord suggested.
" well, let 's get going", she said impatiently.
" well?
" what did you mean by that rattlesnake gag?
< and he really feels that way >, she thought.
< just nothing >, she told herself.
< just so darned sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone.
< that 's really all he 's got, all he is.
< why did these yokels still wear boots, anyway, when most had scarcely sat a horse in years?
> he caught her eye, came back around the car with the boot-wearer's teetering, half-mincing walk.
> he slid in at her side, tucked a cigar into his mouth, and politely proffered one to her.
I figger it 's probl' y a sixty-five-mile walk, and I c 'n maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours".
Lord laughed with secret amusement.
a wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency.
after a time, he straightened again, brushing the red Permian dust from his hands, slapping it from his six-dollar levis and his tailored, twenty-five-dollar shirt.
against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis.
and even with her limited knowledge of such things, she knew that the car could be repaired there;
and his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance.
but she 'd known plenty of handsomer guys, and, conceding his good looks, what was there left?
but, by gosh, I want him and I 'm going to have him!
for God's sake"!
getting the boss rattlesnake to help you"?
he < was > handsome, with his coal-black hair and eyes, his fine-chiseled features.
he could move very quickly, she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ), but he was more wiry than truly strong.
he grinned, nodded, and walked around to the front of the car.
he had to depend on himself, since he was invariably miles and hours away from others.
he opened the door and got out.
he pointed, cutting her off.
he waited at the car side for a moment, looking down at her expectantly.
he was n't a big man;
he went prone on his stomach, the better to pursue his examination.
he wore no gun- a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country.
here in the God-forsaken place, the westerly end of nowhere, Tom Lord looked almost insignificant, almost contemptible.
if I could make myself feel the same way > **h She studied him hopefully, yearningly;
just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package.
lips pursed mournfully, he stared down at its crazily sagging left side.
looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble".
neither was he very powerful of build.
never, he 'd once told Joyce, had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun.
now, are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk"?
on the other hand, howsomever, maybe you would n't either.
print it in real big letters, an' I can cipher it out later".
rather on the medium side.
she saw it then, the distant derrick of the wildcat- a test well in unexplored country.
she snapped.
sufficiently, at least, to get them back into town.
then he hunkered down on the heels of his handmade boots, peered into the orderly chaos of axle, shock absorber, and spring.
then, helpfully, as she merely stared at him in weary silence," Maybe you could write it down for me, huh?
there 's nothing out here but rattlesnakes".
was n't you goin' to say somethin'"?
" Pat, get out of that creek!
< I meant him no harm.
< why, he 's going to kill me, > he thought wildly.
> Donna, his young wife, the girl who was both daughter and wife to him.
Billie had unhitched the mules from both Tom Brannon's and his father's wagon.
Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel, with the other two facing him.
Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena, trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing.
Conchita nagged at the younger children, attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon.
Conchita wondered.
Donna was like he was.
Elena, you 'll get mud all over your dress"!
Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire, and his wife was busy at it now.
I 've given willful hurt to no man.
I was just doing my job, just following orders, and for that he 's going to kill me.
McBride staggered into the street, flopped sprawling in the stinging dust.
Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it, which had been at midday.
Tomas, she called him- as the Mexican hands did.
and Donna would- When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house, in the office of Doctor Lord, the deputy's deceased father.
and he could no longer think of face-saving, of honor, but only of escape.
and nothing would be done about it.
at the moment, the three men were not saying much of anything.
beat me to death in front of a hundred people >.
but her mother would rebuke her if she mentioned it, and say that it was none of her concern.
but they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious: the failure of the boss's wife and son to join the outfit.
certainly, she would n't dare ask her father afterward.
dimly, he heard laughter, hoots of derision, but he could not read the racket properly.
even as she called to the children, Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon.
fear-maddened, fleeing the lengthening shadow of death, he scrambled to his feet again.
he 'd been in an angry mood: Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him.
he 'd come alone, without his wife and child.
he 'd started a fire and put coffee on, and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon.
he could n't see;
he could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago, and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air.
he hated them too much to understand- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world.
he held a cigarette in his right hand.
he was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero, Luis Hernandez.
he was long past the point of coherent thinking.
he was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven.
he would tell her not to pry into grownups' affairs- as though she were a little kid like Elena!
he, McBride, would be cited as in the wrong, and he, Lord, would go scot-free, an officer who had only done his duty, though perhaps too energetically.
his face was clouded with unhappiness.
it bothered her that she probably would never know.
it especially bothered the older hands.
it was burning away, forgotten.
laughing at a dying man, laughing as a man was beaten to death.
not that her mother knew what had happened, but they could speculate upon it.
nothing unless **h < Donna!
she lived by the rules, never compromising, never blinded or diverted by circumstance.
she wished that she could talk to her mother about it.
she wondered what had taken place in town, between him and his wife.
somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it: the murder would go unpunished.
supper would be ready within the hour.
the Brannon outfit- known as the Slash-B because of its brand- reached Hondo Creek before sundown.
the Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby.
the cook, Mateo Garcia, had arrived there long before the herd.
the herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground.
the rest of the crew offsaddled their mounts and turned them into the remuda.
there was some idle talk, a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the day's drive.
they got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie's fire, rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes, lounged about.
they were sitting on their heels, rider-fashion, over by the still empty calf wagon.
this, he was sure, was the way they < would > act;
two of the new hands, a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo, were picked for the first trick of riding night herd.
whatever they are talking about?
you too, Sean!
" Brannon, I warn you"!
" I 'll remember you", he said.
" can n't you guess"?
" damned if I will.
" do n't press your luck, badge-toter".
" do n't start anything you can n't finish".
" every last one of you.
" he 's finished eating", Hogan said.
" just come along", Brannon told him.
" key"?
" let 's go, Marsh al", Brannon said, and took him by the arm.
" maybe he 's at the hotel".
" maybe to have supper.
" not there", he said, getting back onto his horse.
" now, hold on, damn it;
" now, listen"- Macklin began.
" probably just stepped out", he said.
" sitting with a cup of coffee now.
" too much fooling around", he said.
" we 'll talk over at your office".
" we 're putting you where you will n't come to harm.
" what for"?
Brannon dismounted and climbed the steps.
Brannon had no slicker.
Brannon said," Now the key to the lockup, Marshal".
Brannon said.
Brannon, you 've assaulted a law officer and"- They moved in on him, crowded him from all sides.
Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside.
Hogan gripped the lawman's other arm.
Hogan reappeared, stopped on the hotel porch, lifted a hand in signal.
I won 't"- Red Hogan's patience ran out.
Macklin said.
Macklin was the third man to come out, and he came unhurriedly.
a lamp burned inside, but Brannon, peering through the window, saw that the office was empty.
as for you, Brannon"-" Put your gun on the desk, Marshal".
but he felt no physical discomfort.
come on- the key.
get it out"!
he 'd hoped to catch Jesse Macklin there.
he 'd put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked.
he and Hogan waited by the door, one to either side.
he hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder.
he held out a moment longer, then his nerve gave under the pressure.
he lifted the skirt of Macklin's coat, took his gun from its holster, tossed it onto the desk.
he looked at each of them in turn, Brannon last of all.
he swore, and said," All right.
he was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain.
he was puffing on a cigar, and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain.
his face took on a sudden pallor, became beaded with sweat, and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing.
his face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms.
it seemed long, at least to Tom Brannon.
it should n't be long".
it was not until he moved across the porch that he became aware of them, and then it was too late.
lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour.
no man laid a hand on him, but the threat of violence was there.
red, come along.
the other five Slash-B men followed them inside, crowding the small room.
the rest of you wait here".
they closed in fast, kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun.
they escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office.
they reined in before the town marshal's office, a box-sized building on Main Street.
they reined in there, Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for Jesse Macklin in the hotel dining room.
they rode to the Rockfork House, a little farther along the opposite side of the street.
with Red Hogan, he rode to the Welcome Cafe.
" Exterminatin' cow thieves is just a business proposition with me", he 'd blandly announce.
" Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle" his own hired man, Andy Ross, mentioned later.
" I seen a lot o' things in my time.
" Tom", a friend asked him once," how come you bushwhacked them rustlers?
" and I sort o' got a corner on the market".
" but **h well, it just do n't seem sportin' somehow"!
" dead center at three hundred yards, that coroner said"!
" everyone knew it, but he sort of acted like he did n't care who knew it- even after them notes came, even after he 'd heard about Lewis, even after he 'd been shot at a couple o' times hisself"!
" my God, I 'm shot"!
" sportin'"!
" sportin'"!
" three shots in that fella 'fore he hit the ground!
" well", he explained," s 'posin' you was a nester swingin' the long rope?
" yeah, I can see that", the friend was forced to agree.
## Tom Horn was soon back at work, giving his secret employers their money's worth.
Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded.
I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill, and another time we ran across some teamsters they' d caught, tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls.
I heard o' Texas cattlemen wrappin' a cow thief up in green hides and lettin' the sun shrink 'em and squeeze him to death.
Keane left, within three days.
Powell gasped.
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin.
a detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman 's hiding place.
a good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of William Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats.
after the first two murders, the warning notes were rarely ignored.
all through Albany and Laramie counties, other men were doing the same.
and he collapsed and died instantly.
but he brought back the sheriff and several deputies, and to the lawmen the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing.
but there 's one thing I never seen or heard of, one thing I just do n't think there is, and that 's a sportin' way o' killin' a man"!
but there were other homesteaders who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing, the work of one of his neighbors.
even as he became widely known as a professional killer, nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend.
even in the very area where the shooting had been done, cattle were still disappearing.
for a blood-chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he 'd promised to do.
for less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell.
harnessing a team to a buckboard, they drove out to a willow-lined creek about a half-mile off, then climbed down and began chopping.
haying time was close at hand, and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack.
he 'd grin.
he echoed again in soft wonder.
he had lots of friends, then as always.
he heaved the dead man onto the buckboard, yelled and lashed at the team and got out of there fast.
he immediately rode on to Cheyenne, threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends.
he looked around in surprise, then noticed that Fred Powell was clutching his chest.
houses of settlers who 'd treated the company herds as a natural resource, free for the taking, were sitting empty, with weeds growing high in their yards.
later, riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of Cheyenne, he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made.
no man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo.
not even an empty cartridge case could be found.
on the morning of September 10, 1895, Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day's work.
once again, Tom Horn was the first and most likely suspect, and he was brought in for questioning immediately.
once again, he shook his head, kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm, and had a strongly supported alibi ready.
privately, he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin.
publicly, he denied everything.
the authorities had to release him.
the company herds were being raided less often, and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted.
the examples were plain.
the former scout's alibi could n't be shaken.
the hired man ran over to help his boss.
the lesson had been learned.
the rustling problem was by no means solved.
the tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement.
there were no tracks of either hoofs or boots.
they would n't o' stood no chance with you in a plain, straight-out shoot-down".
this was the message found tacked to the cabin door.
when Fred Powell's brother-in-law, Charlie Keane, moved into the dead man's home, the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice: < IF YOU DON 'T LEAVE THIS COUNTRY WITHIN 3 DAYS, YOUR LIFE WILL BE TAKEN THE SAME AS POWELL' S WAS >.
which would you be most scairt of- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down"?
you reckon there 's two men in this state can shoot like that"?
" > the horse continued to snort.
" Arbuckle"?
" I do n't know nothin' about him".
" all right, Crouch;
" before you try anything", he said.
" damn you, Adams"- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock.
" having all the guns makes you a big man, do n't it, Adams?
" it 's Ben Arbuckle we 're going to talk about".
" just hold it that way".
" no"?
" no?
" remember what happened to Gruller".
" so help me, Crouch, I 'd like to kill you where you stand, but, before I do, I 'm going to hear you admit killing him.
" that 's the stuff", Curt said.
" we ai n't got nothing to talk about.
" you 're about as dumb as they come, Adams.
" you and I have a little talking to do, Jess.
Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner's voice.
Curt moved over beside the door and waited.
Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol back into the holster.
Curt snuffed out the match.
Curt wanted to get Jess alone, without interference from anyone, even as spineless a person as the store owner.
Curt was holding Jess's gun in his left hand.
Curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun.
I do n't know what you 're up to, but when Brenner"-" You can forget about Brenner, too", Curt said.
I suppose you do n't know anything about a piece of two-by-four, either;
Jess caught his breath in surprise.
Jess cursed again, and entered the barn.
Jess stiffened.
Jess turned.
a match flared, and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop.
about now he 's probably having supper.
apparently sensing this, and realizing that it gave him an advantage, Jess became bold.
as Curt had hoped, the house door banged open.
as he crossed to the side of the stall, Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer.
he drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess's face, but did n't finish the motion.
he found a match in his pocket and lit it.
he moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster.
he reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt.
he retreated a step and holstered his own.
he slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly, its hoofs rattling the side of the stall.
he started to reach for his gun, but apparently thought better of it.
he studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved.
if I do n't come back in the house, Breed 's going to"-" Your trigger-happy brother is n't < in > the house.
if we was both armed, you would n't talk so tough".
it was certain now that Jess was in the house, but also, presumably, was Stacey Black.
now draw"!
now start talking.
now turn around so I can see your face".
one with blood all over it, Arbuckle's blood".
pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess, but Curt could n't bring himself to do it.
presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard, and Jess 's smothered curses.
reaching across the side of the stall, he slapped the buckskin on the rump.
sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face.
that long ride the four of you took must' ve given him a good appetite.
the door swung open, and Jess said sourly," What the hell 's the matter with < you?
the fingers of his right hand twisted into a claw, but he did n't reach for the gun.
the startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall.
there was raw fury in his eyes, and the veins of his neck were swollen.
there were two horses in the barn, a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch's buckskin.
was it Dutch Brenner"?
we 're on even terms.
who told you to do it?
you will n't be needing this".
" I ai n't going to fight you no more".
" I know you ai n't"!
" Nate!
" Nate"!
" Sally", admonished her mother," you 've got all evening to visit with Dan.
" get out of here.
" got a lot to tend to, but I 'll get back quick as I can", he assured her.
" here 's a present for you", he said, shoving his bullet-riddled hat down over Nate 's purpling forehead.
" honey", he whispered.
" me and you 's trading hats so's you 'll have something permanent to remember me by"!
" soon as we send them on their way and make camp, let 's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake- all by ourselves".
" they ai n't even in sight"!
" we 're going to Marshal Woods's house.
" what about Burnsides"?
" where 're you takin' me"?
#40.# AT FIRST Matilda could not believe her own eyes.
Curt followed, reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it.
Dan affirmed, feeling ten feet tall.
Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen.
Hez asked, who still believed they' d have them to lick.
I 'm going to let him tell it to somebody else".
I can see Dan.
Jackson was doing most of the talking.
Jess asked worriedly.
Jess stumbled through the door.
Nate turned his head, attempting to speak in a soothing voice.
Nate"!
Pa!
Sally left her choring to stand beside Dan.
and he 's with the Jacksons"!
and now she could see him, looking uncommon handsome, standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their trail-worn wagon.
black would have little trouble getting out, but it might delay him a few minutes.
but even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the routines of the day.
but his only hat was something else again.
by then Hez could see for himself, and so could the others.
damn it, he thought bitterly, picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve.
from the way the wound in his head was itching, Dan knew that it would heal.
he bellowed to the retreating back directly in front of him.
he moved in close, jerked the handsome, broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own.
he released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old Hap.
he shouted.
he shoved Black toward the stall, and pointed his pistol at Jess.
he stooped, picked up his ruined hat, and pursed his lips thoughtfully.
his wounds need dressing now".
if I had n't got Nate stopped when I did, my duds 'd all be shot plumb to hell!
maybe if the marshal hears this himself, it' ll make a difference.
mrs& Jackson's words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for courting.
much as they had to look forward to, they did n't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go.
nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle, tended the cattle, tethered the horses, gathered fuel, carried water, and started their cooking fires.
over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides' glowering faces.
seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that, for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them, Matilda could not speak at all.
she had spent too many hours looking ahead, hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but emptiness.
she replied.
slipping her hand in his, they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight.
so long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle, Dan did n't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth.
somebody in this town must still have some backbone".
soon as the Burnsides moved on, he 'd lead Rex down by the river;
soon they were all shouting greetings, exchanging smiles, and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again.
the Burnsides, now ready to roll, were purposefully deaf to his cry.
then, with a glory that almost wiped out the deep, downward sags in her careworn face, Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez, who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon" Pa!
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening.
this dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle.
what a spectacle he was, caked with dirt and sweat and blood, filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian, kissing the finest, the sweetest, the bravest, and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world.
you 're coming along peacefully, or I 'll put a bullet in your leg".
" Gyp 'll be holdin' forth in some bar if he 's here at all", Cobb declared, glancing along the street as they stretched their legs.
" I 'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon".
" he 's there", he got out tersely, curbing his rising excitement.
" if you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in".
" like enough we 'll all be up on top by sundown".
" reckon ye 're right, Dan", Hez called back over his shoulder.
" take one side of the street, and I 'll take the other", he proposed.
" we 'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain, Harmony", he spoke reassuringly, concerned by the pinched look around her mouth.
" what luck, Cobb"?
" where yuh goin'"?
" you do the same.
Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen.
Cobb's assent was tight.
Pat moved into it.
Pat only nodded.
Pat pushed through first.
Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward, a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike.
Russ pointed upward.
Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch.
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside.
Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero.
Stevens was nowhere in sight.
a hall opened in back of the bar, running toward an ell.
a man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track, and another dozed at one of the card tables.
a single kick made it spring open, shuddering.
against all expectation, Carmer was inside, clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him.
all the doors were open at this hour except one, and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder.
although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch, this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them.
as luck had it, he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared.
before Harmony had a chance to reply, Rod cracked his long whip over his thin oxen's backs **h.
behind its ornate facade the notorious dive clung like a bird's nest to the rocky ribs of the canyonside.
climbing the steps steadily, they reached the top and headed for the door.
fierce anger surged through Russ.
forced behind him momentarily, Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside.
halting, Pat turned to survey him deliberately.
he did not reply, going on toward the back.
he fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot.
he said no more.
he said swiftly.
he tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting, and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon, the last place of any consequence on this side of the street.
heading for the batwings, Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window, and suddenly dodged aside.
his eyes widened.
hitching his cartridge belt around, Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side.
it 's all I ask, Stevens".
it was the barkeep.
less assured than the tall, wide-shouldered man in the lead, Cobb followed alertly, a hand on his gun butt.
looking the setup over, Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place.
men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about.
muffling an exclamation, Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down.
nerves tight as a bowstring, he paused to gather his wits.
out of the corner of his eye, he could see his father's wheels beginning to turn.
reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows, he feverishly scanned the busy street below.
rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing, precipice-walled gorge.
separating, they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars.
small rooms, probably for cards, opened off on either side.
suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually, even were he to prove the thief.
the Palace was an elaborate establishment, built practically on stilts in front, with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch.
the bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it.
the door was locked.
the front windows of the place were long and narrow, reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior.
there were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado, not counting the lower class dives, all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters.
two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar, while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass.
while five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry, with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure, it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday.
while no larger than Dutch Springs, this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous.
" I 've got her as neat as I can", Donovan said, as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders.
" jumping Jerusalem!
" over this way!
Donovan snatched Greg's chute from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it.
Fleischman with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area, with his main task to get any < kamikaze > before they got to the ships.
Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before.
Greg himself took two flights, with Todman leading the second, to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte.
a carbine cracked more loudly, and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side.
a harsh cry floated to him across the brush.
a second twitched his shirtsleeve, and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm.
a shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot.
a slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away.
a weapons carrier took Greg, Todman, Belton, Banjo Ferguson, and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip.
and Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record.
another snarled close overhead.
anything the enemy flew or floated was his target.
as near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house.
at the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw.
but his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure.
but on the range gunfire had a meaning.
clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter, with growing alarm.
cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan.
cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot, Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly.
dismounting, Russ looked about hastily.
each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs.
early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions.
every plane that could fly was sent into the air.
gradually the wash climbed upward, forcing him toward open range.
hauling up, Russ listened carefully.
he ai n't gone far"!
he clambered out of the dwindling wash, the loose dirt flying behind him, and flashed a look about.
he dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw, and made it.
he had been sighted, and his attacker pumping shot after shot.
he had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind.
he heard cries from behind him, but he could make out no words.
he knew now what he was up against.
he tightened up in a twinkling.
his face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot.
his first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing.
how much of an accident could that be"?
if he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested, he had his answer a moment later.
in town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot;
it was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes.
leading his pony, he hurried that way, not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range.
let 's get out of here"!
nearing home, he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun.
no one had much to say.
recklessly hurling the bronc sidewise into an intersecting draw, he plunged forward with undiminished speed.
setting a course straight for the house, he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face.
so far as he knew, only his father could be there.
still a quarter-mile away, the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed.
sweeping a look around, he saw that he was safe for the moment.
swinging up then, and bending forward over the horn, he urged his mount down the meandering draw.
the long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless.
the sky glowered down at them.
the truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle.
the would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close.
there was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever.
toward the west this depression led toward a draw.
two minutes later it came again- a double explosion, followed by a third, sounding more distant.
what did it mean?
when it was followed by a second, whining even closer, Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression.
whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and, having spotted his approach, was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight.
yet he must chance it.
" Greg to Sweeney Blue.
" Sweeney Blue, hit the deck.
" Todman, drop your second element back.
" arm your guns, Sweeneys".
" now, Sweeneys, now.
" they have n't seen us", Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise.
" they have n't seen us".
" they' re Japs.
" zeros"!
Belton, the one on the right.
Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two" Rogers".
Greg pushed the radio button again.
Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM, and the engine responded as if it had been waiting.
Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight.
Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes.
Greg's airspeed indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees.
I 'll take the middle.
Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability, American on speed and firepower.
Todman said excitedly, and hopefully.
Todman, you take the one on the left.
a hell of an altitude for a barrel roll, but it could be done.
and only a few seconds to answer it.
and then he thought Todman might be right.
but it also made him conspicuous to the enemy, if it was the enemy, and he had n't been spotted already.
but the closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course.
but they could turn and escape to the east.
even as he said it, Greg knew they had found the enemy.
he hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag.
he hit the radio button.
he moved the flights over against one wall.
he narrowed the shape down to two: either a Zero or a U& S& Navy type aircraft.
he pushed the radio button.
he tightened his turn.
his hands shook.
his mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification.
his present maximum altitude, up against the overcast, gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages.
if **h < if > they' re Japs.
if any of us miss, they can pick up the pieces.
if it were the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
if the turn was too tight, a barrel roll would bring them out.
in seconds, Greg made his decision.
it gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery.
it was a box.
just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board.
let 's make sure first".
let 's take 'em home".
lots of throttle.
no turns.
now let 's make sure they' re Japs".
one pass only.
out of the corner of his eye, he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him.
perfect, he thought.
that 's an order".
the circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him.
the clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around.
the opposing aircraft continued to come on.
the planes, light with most of the gas burned out, responded beautifully.
the same old question.
the shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up, slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom.
there was, of course, no way for the other planes to get by them.
they appeared to be the enemy.
they' re Japs", came a high-pitched voice.
with the rapid rate of closure, the approach from below, the side, and ahead, there would be only a moment when damage could be done.
you 'll bust your ass in this canyon.
" Bueno, amigo.
" I 'm a good Baptist, and drinking **h" ## Mrs& Roebuck very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would, she said, lead us to Taos and then Raton and" eventshahleh" out of New Mexico.
" Tee-wah", the driver cackled, his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing.
" drink your beer".
" get in, buddies.
" hell, that 's all right, buddy", the Indian ( I now guessed ) said.
" hell, yes", I roared back between dusty lips.
" in back, buddy", the driver said to me.
" no, I do n't", Johnson said.
" that was Tee-wah I was talking.
" wann a beer"?
< did > I want a beer?
I bobbed my head each time it appeared.
I drank furiously.
I drew back, drawing back my foot for a kick.
I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards.
I nodded.
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window.
I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time, one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag- and merely wrecking my camera, I was to discover later- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and- but this is no medical report.
I tossed the bottle.
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to Senor X's Ford turtle.
I would n't have known the difference.
Johnson 's left hand was pressed against the side of his head, red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers.
Johnson unwired the right hand door, whose window was, like the left one, merely loosely-taped fragments of glass, and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer.
Johnson was trying to grab the wheel, though the swerve of the truck was throwing him away from it.
a big car was approaching, its chrome teeth grinning.
a long time.
an Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right, Ah gay-ess, an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone, the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t' gethuh f' ovuh a yeah, onleh an occasional one, but just the same it was behahn mah back, an Ah doan think < thet's > nahce at all, d ' < you >"?
and re-echo.
at once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish, but- the driver's white teeth flashing at me, the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair, beyond his gesticulating bottle- it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing;
beyond it the gray road stretched a long, long way.
but it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing, which half covered the truck cab's glassless rear window.
did an anteater want ants?
emptied the bottle.
get in".
gracias", I hollered, my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary.
hardly had Mrs& Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck, father or grandfather of Senor" Moriarty's" Ford sedan, came screeching to a dust-swirling stop, and a brown face appeared, its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window.
high, so it would only bounce harmlessly but loudly off the car's steel roof.
how lightly her" eventshah-leh" passed into the crannies where I was storing dialect material for some vaguely dreamed opus, and how the word would echo.
it flopped down, sprang back up and gouged my shin.
just as I got to my knees, there was again the sound of the fence stretching, and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously.
just as p 'lite an- an cohnfidunt, an Ah says ' Uh coahse you cain n't ', but he says ' Whah nawt, you ah hevin one '?
maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all.
miraculously, the bottle was still in my hand, foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch.
no sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck.
prairie dogs were popping up and popping down.
quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side-rack, I stepped on the running board;
something pulled my leg.
suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision," son of a bitch", sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into Johnson 's quivering ribs.
teeth again flashing back at me, the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which" amigo" appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound.
the beer foamed furiously.
the car was just about to us, its driver's fat, solemn face intent on the road ahead, on business, on a family in Sante Fe- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue.
the straight, black hair flopped in a vigorous nod, the slender nose plunged toward glass teeth and drew safely back.
the truck was hurtling forward.
the way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I though he was only having a little joke, but, no, he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear.
this time no wire came whipping into the truck.
too high.
we were back on the road.
we were in a field, in a tight, screeching turn.
we were off the road, gleaming barbed wire pulling taut.
whatever satisfaction that might offer.
when I fell on my back, I saw a vulture hovering.
white teeth suddenly vanishing, the driver slammed the side of his bottle against Johnson's ear.
you thought I was a Mexican, did n't you, buddy"?
" < Did > leap into the pool, and < did n't > have anything on.
" I 'll bet.
" I could n't agree with you more".
" I did n't know.
" I really do have something important to tell you, Mr& Scott.
" he did n't"!
" it depends on who does it.
" murder?
" no, I never did see his face.
" splendid.
" tell me about the murder".
" that 's the last one we did.
" why, yes.
" yes, he did n't.
" yes, indeed.
" yes.
" you got away, did n't you"?
" you know who the other man was"?
, inc&.
I did n't get a good look at him at all, his back was to me, and I was so scared **h It was just somebody in a man's suit.
I do n't mean to pry, but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles?
I mean: is advertising honest?
I never wear anything at all.
I sat by her on the divan.
I swam like mad, got out of the pool, grabbed my robe, and ran to the car.
I was so scared **h well, I just ran to my car and came here".
I would n't have the stuff in the house.
Joyce went on," When we 'd finished, Lou- Mr& Thor- asked me to stay a little longer.
ZING was the creation of two men, Louis Thor and Bill Blake, partners in ZING!
about the murder".
ah, you were splendid".
and he did n't have any clothes on".
and you recognized me"?
anyway, it was evident what he had in mind".
but I 'm pleased to hear"-" So I just scooted out of his clutches.
but I 'm sure the other one was Lou".
did, I mean".
even to clean men and boys.
everybody left and I stayed in the pool, then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too.
he caught up with me once and grabbed me, but I was all covered with ZING- it 's very slippery, you know".
he wanted a few stills for magazine ads, he said.
in a waterfall **h and all that".
in fact, I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell.
it was fun for me, all right.
it wouldn 't- would n't seem fair, somehow".
man, you rang- it was in color, too, Miss, and **h Miss?
maybe Lou was only unconscious, but right then I thought he must be dead.
my lovely caller- Joyce Holland was her name- had previously done three filmed commercials for ZING, and this evening, the fourth, a super production, had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor.
oh, yeah", I said.
she 'd driven around for a while, Joyce said, then, thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time, she 'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive, parked in front, and walked toward the pool.
she paused.
she told me.
she went on:" a man was holding onto Lou, holding him up.
that was a fun one".
the finished- and drastically cut- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds, then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender lather, and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap;
the keys were still in it, and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I 'd changed".
the man shoved him into the water, then ran past the cabana.
the water in Thor's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick, foamy soapsuds- fashioned, of course, from ZING- Joyce had dived from the board into the pool, then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious" bath" while cameras rolled.
their product had been endorsed by < Good Housekeeping, > the A&M&A&, and the < Veterinary Journal >, among other repositories of higher wisdom, and before much longer if you did n't have a cake of their soap in the john, even your best friends would think you did n't bathe.
there 's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive.
they' d peddled the soap virtually alone, and without much success, until about a year ago, when- with the addition of" SX-21" to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign- sales had soared practically into orbit.
what Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and" do whatever detectives do", and get her clothes- and handbag containing her identification.
what's your name, anyway?
while several yards from it, still concealed by the shrubbery, she 'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge.
" I 'll pick murder.
" according to Rose, he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water, got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out.
" can n't say yet.
" how would I know?
" they were supposed to meet Thor at nine p&m& for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap, a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff".
" what were they doing here"?
" yeah, I 've heard more about SX-21 than space exploration lately.
I asked Rawlins.
I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship.
I felt that her eyes were undressing me as if she were a painter and I a nude model.
I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants, blooming everlastingly in the southern sun.
I had come to New Orleans two years earlier after graduating college, partly because I loved the city and partly because there was quite a noted art colony there.
I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide, joyous celebration with romance in the air;
I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Mardi Gras.
I said," O&K&, so now only Blake knows.
I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks.
I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them.
I worked for my Uncle ( an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' Vieux Carre, the old French Quarter.
accident, murder, suicide- take your pick".
actually, only two men know what the formula is, Blake and"- He stopped and looked at Thor's body.
and that is the way I first saw her when my Uncle brought her into his antique store.
and then I became aware that she, too, glanced at me surreptitiously.
and, when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner.
anything else"?
as it is in so many affairs of the heart, a man and a woman meet and something clicks.
deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on 'em.
her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body, a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired.
her legs were the full, sexy kind, full bodied like a rare wine and just as tantalizing to the appetite;
how 's it strike you, foul or fair"?
if it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do, and now I understand why they are classics;
it 's a secret.
it is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity.
it was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes, cover their faces with masks and go adventuring.
it was really a May and December combination.
my Uncle and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages.
my new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex.
one Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt.
she looked more like twenty-five or six.
she was standing with her back to the glass door.
something clicked in this instance, but I treated her circumspectly and I felt that she knew it, for we both kept our distance.
sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt, by blood, had died some years ago, but neither of us said anything.
that she impressed me instantly was obvious;
that was the new advertising angle- something about a Lloyd 's of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient.
the PM might show he drowned instead, but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us.
the arrangement I had with him was to work four hours a day.
the arrangement turned out to be excellent.
the artist looks at an ankle, a calf, a bosom and, in his mind's eye, the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is.
the calf was magnificent, the ankle perfect.
the rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting.
the true artist is like one of those scientists who, from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body.
the very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure.
there was something about the contour of her face, her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine, the way she held her head, the way she walked- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me.
they were married over the week-end, though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty.
this is not so, for education offers all kinds of dividends, including how to pull the wool over a husband's eyes while you are having an affair with his wife.
those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick.
too many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living;
true, she was my Aunt, married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage, but why she had married a man twice her age, and more, perhaps, I did not know or much care.
what is the gunk"?
when my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted.
when our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of" Me, too".
when she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it.
why she married him I do not know.
you have probably experienced this.
you must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist, accustomed to studying the physical body.
" dear girl", Walter had finally said," he writes me that he is sleeping in the English Gardens".
" you cheap bitch"!
" you cheap, no good, two-timing bitch!
( would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walter 's marked bars?
) her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a fawn, black hair falling over his eyes.
I exclaimed.
I must say the figure was well made up.
I suspected why he brought it along.
Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this.
Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman, but she was one of the most determined.
Meredith's fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him: < sie la^cheln, die Schwarzen Hexen >.
Nicolas called on his muse, a line came back:" < Squaresville, man, and all the > palazzos < are crummy > Palasts".
Nicolas:" look, Nicolas does n't go to bed with boys- no sex, see?
a card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith, and that might be good for something.
a few minutes later I saw my Uncle's car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner.
and he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape Nicolas Manas.
and indeed, his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend, the poet Nicolas Manas, to his friend Meredith Wilder.
and when you get off this job tonight, well, you can gim me something to eat".
and, as a matter of fact, Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night, when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew.
ballet dancer: protests, tears, and" take what you want, Nicolas, I am a dancer, you are a poet, it is all beautiful".
but Nicolas, too, was being interrupted, that morning.
but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and tenderly regarded him.
dammit!
even so, it took her several days to force Walter to tell her Nicolas's whereabouts.
five days later, on receiving it, Meredith sat drumming his dactyls on his writing table.
he had always known how to find a bed, and on his own terms.
he had better write a postcard to Walter.
he had returned to the pension a week ago.
he inwardly cried.
he opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to Robert Graves' imaginative interpretation of the creation of the Dactyls from Rhea's fingertips ) were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith Wilder's address.
he used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions.
he was determined to spend an industrious summer.
he was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face.
her eyes had opened, she had caught a glimpse of a new faith.
her heart, her maternal feeling, in fact her **h her being was too busy expressing itself, as quietly thrilled by this sight of her Nicolas curled asleep under a blanket, in a park like a scene from Poussin.
his advice, his voice saying his poems, the fact that he had not so much as touched her- on the contrary, he had put his head back and she had stroked < his > hair- this was all new.
his four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months.
his hand was large and square and heavily tanned.
if it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him.
in one hand he gripped firmly a parasol though there had been no indication of rain.
in the half darkness I approached cautiously, making sure he did not see me.
not by the 11:00 sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the English Gardens and sent him off to sleep;
now, he was just in the late poems of Ho^lderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him- plus next semester's class preparation.
or, more rhythmically, ' The swarthy witches are laughing '?
packing a small suitcase, informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while, patting his arm, refusing a drink, getting on the train- all this had only taken her two hours.
she did n't have the heart.
she had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens.
she was just not able to break the spell.
she was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth.
shortly before nine I drove my jalopy to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view.
should she wake him?
so if all these beers was to get me in bed, man, you just spent a lot of money".
that long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes.
that ought to draw a laugh, Nicolas reasoned, as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind.
the bars were marked as Walter had marked them in a small black book kept in a nearly secret drawer.
the code, which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest, Nicolas was determined to find out and put to use.
the menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it, ' How the dark fates laughed '?
the next day he was gone.
the voice crying in him was the voice of guilt.
this was surely a reunion in art, it was all that poetry promised.
to this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied," O&K& I can use this blanket.
well, maybe Manas would n't call.
you get a good, loyal husband- smack!- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew!
you should- smack!- be ashamed of yourself.
" I think the maids tipple in the afternoon".
" hoa-whup"!
" oh, it 's that myth, about Orpheus and **h What < is > her name?
" there must be some water under there".
" those sweet girls?
" what happens when there 's no more water"?
" would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself"?
) but he read on.
< steinha^ger > **h" She whispered < Steinha^ger > to herself, several times, memorizing it.
Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen.
I can never pronounce it".
Mary Jane took the page from him and began reading it, moving her lips with the words.
Meredith's voice was always deep, with rough bass notes in it;
a ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws, but he kept control upon his voice.
and all the time, she had the heat of hatred in her, like charcoal that is burning on its under side, but not visibly.
and the valley stretched endlessly out ahead, scorched and baked and writhing in its heat, until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze.
as cheerfully as possible, he said," Well, I guess we could all do with a little drink".
at her door, two or three hours later, Mary Jane whispered," Everyone is asleep".
but it was water.
but with her hand poem again.
but with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment, she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited, expectant, and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth.
dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs.
for three days, their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea.
he cleansed his mouth with a small quantity.
he cleared his throat and wet his lips.
he commanded from his raw throat, and felt the pain of movement in his cracked, black burned lips.
he moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing, grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs.
he removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face.
he replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck.
he spat.
he took a long but carefully controlled draught.
he unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel.
her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up.
her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal.
his new poem, a love poem, told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed.
in reading, on platforms, even in the large auditorium of the Y&M&H&A&, Poetry Center nights, his voice was intimate, thoughtful, and a trifle shy.
in the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed, the lights go on:" < In dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face, still blind, Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters, counters, pots and pans, Waiting below stairs, in her mind >".
it tastes a little like poppyseed.
kissing her he whispered, several times," Eurydice".
molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson;
oh **h you 're joking.
she asked smolderingly.
she began to explain," There was this poet, in Italy **h" He interrupted," Please do n't judge all poets".
she confessed she was unhappy, he asked was it her husband?
she drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face.
she raised her face and nodded," It's sweet, and very sad".
she repeated" Eurydice".
she set the dipper on the edge of the deck, leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully.
she took it grudgingly, her dark eyes baleful as they met his.
she was like charcoal, he thought- dark, opaque, explosive.
suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping;
thank the Lord, they still had water!
the burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches.
the dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton.
the husband points the steps out with his flashlight:" < Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite, Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night, >" ( Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line, or was it the fire?
the third time rather urgently.
the third time rather urgently.
the water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste.
they could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation.
they discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds.
they finished the small bottle of Steinha^ger >.
they smiled.
they were west of the Sabine, but only God knew where.
what's its name?
" there 's the one who's lucky"!
## He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee.
Ben's eyes strained with the bitter hurt, his homely face slashed with gray and crimson.
I suppose a Lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze.
a terrible, numbing sense of futility swept over him.
a tight wagon meant so much.
at least, the wheels dug in.
beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill, they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills.
but as the tree passed, she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell.
clumps of brush rode down the ribbon.
he doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate, dry hills that rimmed the valley.
he drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs.
he examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished.
he found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save.
he furled the slashed sides of the canvas tarpaulins, leaving the ribs and wagon open.
he gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat.
he let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water.
he looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk, holding her meager treasures.
he poured the water off the sourdough and off the flour, salvaging the chunky, watery messes for biscuits of a sort.
he said hesitantly," Hettie, I do n't figure your things got wet too much.
he sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward.
he swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie, then stopped, barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate.
her face was pale but set and her dark eyes smoldered with blame for Ben.
his long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java, but the fire was low, and he wanted to waste no time.
his wife did n't give a sign she 'd heard.
hope surged within him.
if you want to get them aired **h" She said without turning her head," After that rain beating in atop the dust, there is n't a thing that will n't be streaked".
it raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair, sitting astride an upright branch.
it speared up into the air, then sinking back, the up-jutting branch turned slowly.
it was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon, half-swimming his way, for he was not a tall man.
it was spoiled now for seed, and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it.
now and then, the glistening side of a half-swamped object showed as it swept past.
now he broke them open, hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing Hettie.
now, roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames, the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep, not knowing what to do **h.
of all their worldly belongings, next to the oxen and his gun, the seed grain had been the most treasured.
only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored.
out of compulsion to say something cheery, Ben Prime blurted," Well, we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit.
she did not call out.
she was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current.
somebody was riding the tree.
still, he felt better.
sulphur, oil, and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of.
that 's a good trunk.
the cloudburst cut off abruptly.
the girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine, hugging her shoulders and still trembling.
the girl murmured harshly.
the lifeboats were stuck fast.
the oxen might as well enjoy it.
the pale blob of the woman disappeared.
the soaking will put life back in the wagon, too".
the spokes were tight again, the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece.
the water level was higher than their hubs.
the waters lay muddy but placid, without a ripple of movement against the wheels;
their jams and jellies had not suffered.
then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen.
then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts, needing their comfort more than they needed his.
then the darkness thinned, and there was light again, and then bright sunlight.
there was no real sign of the river now, just a roiling, oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere.
there was not a match-width of damp mark to show they were receding.
they cringed under sodden covers, listening to the waves slop against the bottom.
they watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend.
they were already swollen to bursting.
they were engulfed by the weird silence, broken only by the low, angry murmur of the river.
we could n't budge them.
" Karipo was great goddess, told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children", the crone told me.
" all men went away from here.
" you have every right to be", I replied gravely in the Manu dialect, but my attention was fixed on Brassnose, the biggest and strongest of us.
( her account was later confirmed by the Scobee-Frazier Expedition from the University of Manitoba in 1951.
) from L' Turu, I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island- which was about the size of Guam or smaller- had been of both sexes, and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations.
Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly," Sommers, you meddling Yank, you 're a fool!
I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily, hoping it would make an impression on the women:" this one is the < maku > Frayne.
I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it would n't do to show these girls that we were afraid.
I looked with revulsion at the legs.
I looked.
I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair.
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there.
Karipo was something of a politician as well as a militarist.
all my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight.
as if divining my thoughts, the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden:" this is our < tultul >, a jumping platform, < maku >.
at a nod from Songau, four lithe and muscular girls darted to Frayne's side and seized him by the arms.
at first, I thought he was out of his head, talking wildly like this.
besides, terror had sapped some of Frayne's vitality and will.
but a glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had blurted out.
but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived.
but in the middle of the last century an island woman named" Karipo" seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled.
few passed".
for an anthropologist, loquacious old L' Turu was a mine of information.
he looked as if he was going to keel over.
he speaks your language too, for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning.
her name was L' Turu and she told me many things.
in the hut to which I was assigned- Max had his own quarters- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases.
is it not well-made?
it took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one, which is higher and stronger than the old one.
later, you shall know it better.
many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
miraculously, Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of Pamasu back to their war canoes, after considerable loss of life on both sides.
my last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face In the Manu tongue," eromonga" means manhood- a quality which the women derisively toasted in weekly feasts at which great quantities of a brew like < kava > were imbibed.
my people await you on the shore.
not so soon, anyway.
others still had whitened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them.
our old one blew down in a storm at the time of the < pokeneu > festival fifteen moons ago.
our sore and burned hands and arms need attention".
she cackled with mirth, showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth.
she quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied, by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death.
she said," My name is Songau and these girls are Ponkob and Piwen.
some had been there for years;
the < maku > Frayne has inherited this strength from his grandfather".
the body may have been two or three weeks' dead.
the girl in the prow of the outrigger turned a smile like a beacon on me.
the man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the < tultul >.
the man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle;
the women's faces had hardened after my statement.
there was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick.
there was one object which sickened yet fascinated me.
they despise males who brag of their strength;
they destroy such men with their damned tests.
they were shattered.
thirty minutes later, the outrigger grated on sand and other girls, waiting on shore, rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder.
this was also a corpse- a male, judging from the coral arm bands, the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face, the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose.
this was the worst thing I could have said.
those who stayed had to pass tests.
though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive, I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women.
we are thirsty and hungry;
we are very proud of it".
within a decade or less, few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up.
you 've ruined me, blast you"!
you are welcome to Eromonga.
you shall have food, water and rest".
" but what is it"?
" can you hear, can you talk to me"?
" do n't".
" he 's dead, is n't he"?
" he 's hurt"!
" what 's this"?
" what does he want, a spoon"?
" what happened"?
" why did you do it- why did you hit him"?
< but what is it?
> the man had spoken only once.
Benson said to Ramey.
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him.
Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand.
Ramey heard the words again inside, weakened, the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees, until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears.
Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the man 's tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded, blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement.
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin.
Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth.
Ramey's fist and the air expelled from the man 's collapsing cheek made a hollow pop in the air like cupped hands clapping together.
a woman's voice said, and then he heard a sort of wail from the man's wife.
after what seemed several seconds, the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it.
an incoherent, puzzled sound came from the red mouth.
as he watched the man sit suddenly, a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was, really, to knock a man off his feet.
blood dripped down the front of his sweater, soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder, as though the bright V woven into the neckline had melted, running a darker color.
even yet there was no realization in his eyes.
he did not look around.
he had n't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard.
he laid all four knuckles in between the man's cheekbone and his chin.
he moaned and pulled the hand away.
he stared at the shining, shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees," Do n't do that, fella.
he turned and bent over the body of the Indian.
he turned and looked at them with clear blue eyes, immaculate eyes.
he was very tanned- big hands might have torn him from a Coca-Cola poster.
he wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck, the sleeves pushed above the elbows.
his arms hung like empty shirt sleeves, and his mouth was slightly open.
his words were mostly to himself.
it was a straight, solid, once-in-a-lifetime shot;
it was simply a matter of curiosity, a natural right to examine.
none of the crowd had stepped forward to help.
one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him.
one tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth, while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain.
she begged.
someone said.
the girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back.
the girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
the laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top.
the man brought one hand up slowly and the fingers fumbled across his face until he touched his mouth.
the man on the ground began to move;
the man said with a tone of impatience.
the man said, backing up a step, still looking down.
the man said.
the man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again, with his fist.
the man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car.
the man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement.
the slightest twitch would have parted the shoe entirely from the foot, yet the toes were still inside.
the sneaker reached out once more to tap against the mass and Ramey's vision darkened except for an unreasonable clarity of the man's leg.
the two drivers moved closer.
the two men in overalls stood just behind the blonde-headed man.
them's brains".
then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment.
there was a gentle concern in Benson's voice.
there was nothing in particular on the man's face.
with Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was half-off the Indian's foot that he would always remember.
with a thoughtful look, the man sat on the pavement, legs straight out in front of him.
Keith < was > an eagle.
Keith Sterling had looked down on the Brahmaputra more times than he could remember, during the war days when he flew over the Hump of the world, thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space.
Keith learned too much about air combat, and air killing, to be risked.
Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma.
Keith was on his feet because he did n't care at all about life any more: Penny on her feet, proudly, because she cared too much.
Keith's eyes met Penny's as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction.
Penny and Keith had no romance.
Penny knew him better, on her part.
after the war, Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her.
and Keith's record of kills made him a man to listen to- a man paradoxically, who might even survive.
and he knew that the men talked about him behind his back, saying that he was one up on everybody else- including the pilot of the plane with the swastika on it- because he was chemically incapable of fear.
and he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi.
and, as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded, and mark the several killed, he climbed across the debris to Penny and took her hand in his.
at first it had been just a romantic dream of his, the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war.
but Keith looked down more than up.
but there had n't been enough time to build it for keeps.
but they met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly.
but to Keith's London-bred mind, such acreage sounded rather invincible.
but" after the war" was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself.
for a brief period each year, the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls, and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon, and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long, meandering journey to the sea- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga, then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam, past the Khasi Hills, and into Bengal, past Sirinjani and Madaripur, until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal.
he became a fighter pilot after the stint over the Hump in the big crates.
he could n't stop killing.
he did n't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself.
he enjoyed killing.
he enjoyed the killing.
he had a war reputation, but this was the kind of man women like even without medals.
he had strength in his six-foot frame, but it was like the tensile steel in a rapier.
he knew how to shoot down Nazis.
he stressed the wild beauty of the mountains, and the jungles.
he thought of the jungles below him, and of the wild, strange, untracked beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return, on foot perhaps, to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted, and animals the lords.
he was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC, a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work, ( regardless of how important < she > might have thought she was ) in the Command offices, but that was all.
he was on the thin side, with big hands, and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep.
his hair was black, already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom, the only one permitted to a man.
it took a long time before the British tipped the balance.
it was a war of nerves, of stamina, of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis, who were better organized and technically superior.
it was n't that, however, which decided them not to go to America.
no dates or hand-holding.
not defending England, or being an ace, or fighting for humanity.
not quite.
nowadays, we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish.
she came from Ohio, from what she called a" small farm" of two hundred acres, as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers.
that is, everyone but Keith and Penny.
that was true, but only half the truth.
that was where he met Penny.
the Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world, the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet.
the Command offices were in the border country, up north, where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports, and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy.
the Command post was underground, and well camouflaged.
the Nazis bombed Britain, so the RAF retaliated and shot them all down.
the Nazis knew this, of course, and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers, they let a few drop every time they went over, hoping for a lucky hit.
the RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition, and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war.
the blast damaged, but did not destroy the room.
the bomb plunged into the ground near the Post, but not precisely into the Command room itself.
the bomb was a solitary one.
the chaplain married them, on the next day.
the other half he did n't like to recognize, even to himself.
the pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles- and Penny, hating the cliche, had to admit that in this case it applied.
there was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling, but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer, if as efficacious, when a direct hit comes along.
there was a shattering, cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle, the air filled with dust and flying debris, and everyone in the room- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as turtlebacks, as ordered.
they do n't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
they grounded him ( over his protests- not including his true reason for wanting to fly ) and put him in the Command offices.
they stood there, just the two of them, in the rocking, shattering blast.
this one was actually more of a" near miss".
this time, they had been lucky.
wing Commanders in the RAF do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes, to their men or to themselves.
" I agree, yes".
" I do not drink so much, thank you".
" I have in Europe a gross business of seven million dollars the year.
" Rob 's not going to give up as easy as all that".
" and if the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country, is that right"?
" but surely you have misunderstood Mr& Roy.
" but that's what he told me.
" can I make you one"?
" did you tell him all this"?
" excuse me", he said abruptly.
" he 's one hell of a decent boy.
" hi there, Schaffner", he had said.
" no thank you very much", Schaffner had answered in his accented English.
" no"?
" nobody 's giving anything up", Robinson said.
" perhaps not in so many words", the German said.
" please let me explain", the German said earnestly, his face still devoid of deceit.
" seven years ago, Commodore", Rob said impassively.
" that's my boy"!
" well, damn", Waddell said.
" well, no", Herr Schaffner said.
" what do you mean"?
" when you got ta go, you got ta go", Mrs& Forsythe said.
" why", he went on," when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip, I did n't think twice about it.
" yes", Herr Schaffner had said.
" you think I got you and Artie and Herr Schaffner all the way out here just for the boat ride?
I 'm going down again".
I 've helped him along ever since he was a youngster hanging around his brother's tackle shop.
I like that kid".
I must have a powerful representative here, a firm with a national distribution and ten, twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products.
Shaffner looked at him, altogether without guile, and shrugged his shoulders, making a little spreading gesture with his two hands.
Waddell asked, frowning.
Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommel's Afrika Corps, and he said to himself: I 'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night.
Waddell had looked the man over, trying to size him up.
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge.
Waddell turned to face him.
Waddell was not an eminently moral person, but he did not like what he had just heard.
aloud he had said, making conversation:" Rob tells me he 's using your Atlantis equipment on the dive".
and yet like a child among adults.
but there was no definite agreement about business arrangements".
he asked.
he asked.
he stood there, towering over them all: gentle, mighty, determined, the moving force in the group;
he was a florid, puffy man in his early sixties, very natty in his yachting cap, striped jacket and white flannels.
he was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German, who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley.
he was in his early forties, rather short and very compactly built, and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways.
he was most eager to make the dive;
he was thinking, big deal: skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started.
he went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters;
he went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of" Commodore" was never used without irony.
hell, I gave him the first decent job he ever had, six, seven- how many years ago was it, Rob"?
his open face seemed to promise a sort of innocence, until one looked into his eyes, which had no warmth in them but only alert intelligence.
it can kill you.
mr& Forsythe exclaimed.
never, never did I offer him the exclusive rights.
now I wish to enter the American market, where the competition is very strong.
now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again: Rob was his boy, the kid he had rescued from the streets, the object of his pride.
of course, I was willing.
old Commodore Forsythe, who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first.
personally, I do n't blame him for giving up the dive, much as I regret losing the story".
we spoke of the need for advertising, and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity.
went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him.
why, that's his main reason for making the dive".
with all respect to a fine young man, Mr& Roy is not able to provide these necessaries".
" I do n't think you should go down again".
" come out, come out in the meadow", Matsuo said under his breath.
" you know what they say about two deep dives in one day", Artie went on, still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently.
EARLY that day Matsuo saw a marine.
Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses, both the burned and the unburned, the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun.
Matsuo lifted his rifle, easing the sling under his left upper arm for steadiness.
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea.
a signal?
a spectacle occurred across the meadow: the lone marine took a seat on the ground;
a wave of flame rippling through their cave had reached Nagamo, his friend, and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance, then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet, his uniform blazing.
apprehensively he peered to the left, to the right into the leafy, vine-crisscrossed maze.
as he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer, he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing.
as his feet slowed, he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand.
at nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle, reeking of death.
because he could n't hear them, he was more convinced they were there.
besides the belt he wore a loin cloth.
cautious feet stepping on leafmold;
even now, like a ringing in his ears, he heard the < wooooosh > of flame-throwers squirting great orange billows.
faint creaking of belts and slings;
for a while he was content to let events develop in their good time.
fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills.
gloom receded.
he crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed.
he decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow, with the one left to distract him.
he had no doubt the marine was the lead scout of a column, and while his shot had probably bred indecision, they would soon come hunting.
he had no rice.
he murmured to himself, with firmness:" no surrender".
he sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk.
he strained his hearing.
he wanted the arrogant marine to know fear, and so he aimed above the head.
his comrades were all dead.
his fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist.
his fingers touched the bone handle of a knife.
his remembering the self-dictate brought no peace- only a faint chill of doubt.
his superiors had also preached this, saying it was the way for eternal honor.
his superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure.
how stupid to give his position away.
humiliation made Matsuo tremble.
hush followed.
in the leafiest part of the tree, straddling a broad horizontal limb, he could see over the meadow.
it was best to die fighting the marines.
leaning sidewise on a tree trunk, he embraced it.
like a mischievous boy expecting punishment, Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle.
only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird.
taking aim at the man's face, Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge, and then he changed his mind.
the callous marines had laughed at each other's retching, while stacking bodies.
the enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot, then fled without knowing the result, ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery.
the jungle did not retort.
the knife, an ammunition pouch, and a half-filled bottle of purified water hung on his belt.
the man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face.
the marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed, as though debating whether to brave the sunlight.
the marines let him advance.
the shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound.
then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide.
they had fought from caves, and the marines resorted to burning them out.
today;
tomorrow: no surrender.
what if the marines never came?
when he sank on his knees, they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy.
whichever the way, he would rot in this vast choking green, his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes.
while his comrades cocked the trap, that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver.
whispers: he heard none of these.
yesterday;
you do n't see me stretched out on the deck, do you"?
" a small measure of payment, marine".
" marine.
<" sake"?
> Matsuo called.
Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder.
Matsuo laughed, slung the rifle.
Matsuo shook his head.
Matsuo shook his head.
Matsuo stood up.
Matsuo walked toward his tree, once glancing back.
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat;
a shrill yelp, kicked legs, and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist.
after all, he had less reason to desire it than the marine.
and when this was gone, he had n't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool.
as Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk, a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow.
at last he reached for the knife.
before much longer the marine quieted down.
burned each hand when they came groping again.
burned the other cheek;
down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out.
even the bone handle scorched, and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it.
first he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes.
he aimed, but listened.
he began to uncap the bottle, the rusty cap squealing on its threads.
he capped the bottle and replaced it.
he ceased weeping.
he cupped his mouth and yelled.
he dropped the knife in its scabbard, hung the rifle behind a shoulder.
he had no water for an enemy.
he must have saturated himself in the drink, for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze.
he performed the act twice more, and the begging in his tone grew more distinct.
he was very thirsty, but he must observe water discipline.
he would soon die.
his head slumped.
his superiors had said that all marines were depraved.
his years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline.
in the jungle, birds were mute, while insects preserved only the monotony of living.
it sounded as if the man were calling him:" hey, Japanese **h hey there, Japanese".
it was the marine: head lifted, he strained and called.
its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle.
of course it was water he really craved;
once and for all he 'd finish this marine who would not die.
one swallow was all he would have;
popping upright, the marine waved both hands and shouted.
remembering his own thirst, Matsuo took out his water bottle.
someone called.
strange.
the man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
the man tilted back his head and went through the pantomime of drinking from a container.
the marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment.
the marine nodded vigorously.
the marine shouted for it until it seemed that his voice had to crack.
the marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol.
the marine was a winehead.
the marine was still.
the marine yelled and flung the hand away.
the marine, hands on cheeks, rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach.
the sun was noon high and Matsuo perspired until his body was dripping.
the upper part of his packet had stained dark.
then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat.
wet also were the marine's fatigues and the face had an oily film.
what now?
with a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek.
" I 'm gon na drop these into Blue Throat's lap", he announced," and I 'd like every gun to be firing into that barn while I get near enough to toss 'em through the window".
" Jed's homestead is on the south bank".
" cold day", said Tilghman, placing his hands behind him and casually presenting his backside to the fire.
" do n't say or do anything", he said softly.
" follow the river for five miles", he said hoarsely.
" hello, Ed", said Tilghman.
" if I do n't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse".
" just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives.
" just get out of here without it looking as though we 're in a hurry.
" wait here, Neal", said Tilghman.
" well", he announced," Guess I 'll be going now, Ed, and thanks for the warmup".
Billy Tilghman did just that.
Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers, named Ed Dunn, who lived at Rock Fort.
Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire.
Tilghman knew that some ranchers were hand-in-glove with the Doolin gang.
all he had to do was light the fuses of the dynamite sticks, run to within ten yards of an open window in the barn and hurl the sticks through.
all that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body.
along each side of the room were six tiered bunks, each one screened off with a curtain.
and projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles, all trained on Billy Tilghman.
back in the house a hoodlum named Red Buck, sore because Billy had been allowed to leave unscathed, jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then.
bill Doolin's ambition, it appeared, was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of Jesse James and Billy the Kid, and Bill Tilghman had sworn he would stop him.
blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed.
but he knew well enough that those guns would still be trained on his back as he walked towards the wagon.
can n't seem to locate landmarks in this snow".
citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway, but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century.
directly opposite the door was a roaring log fire, a welcome sight on that bitterly cold day.
even as he spoke those words Billy Tilghman's life hung on a thread.
fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back.
for fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West.
he came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which terrorized Oklahoma in the 1890's.
he left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive.
he saw the most action, beat up more badmen with his bare fists, broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U&S& marshal who lived before or after him.
he slipped outside, hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways.
he strolled back to the door, whistling softly, hands still clasped behind him.
he walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him.
he was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book.
he would n't look Tilghman in the face.
here he could n't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang.
if he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly.
it was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside.
it was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie.
leaving his rifle in the wagon, Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it.
led by Bill Doolin, these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks, making liberal use of their guns.
leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown.
of all the rip-roaring two-fisted tough boys of the Old West," Uncle Billy Tilghman" stands out head and shoulders.
on a bitterly cold day in January, 1895, accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy, Tilghman left the township of Guthrie and headed for Rock Fort and Dunn's ranch.
one false move on his part and he would be a dead man.
resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap, Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes.
seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher, Ed Dunn.
suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck.
that place is crawling with Bill Doolin and his gang".
the deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship, but because Billy Tilghman remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career, his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the West have remained almost unsung.
the fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide.
the men behind them were Bill Doolin and five of his gang- every man a killer.
the only evidence of occupation came from the chimney, which was belching out thick smoke.
the rancher grunted an acknowledgement but did n't move.
the rancher was trembling.
the two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door.
there was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside.
they bought rustled cattle from the outlaw, kept him supplied with guns and ammunition, harbored his men in their houses.
thinking fast, Tilghman never hesitated for one instant.
though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts.
to Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising, smash- 'em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in 1872 when he was only eighteen years old, and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet.
within seconds the big barn was blasted into smoking splinters, with every outlaw either dead or injured inside.
" I 'd druther stay here and watch the girls", Charles grinned.
" I do n't believe I 'll play any more neither".
" I might try it one of these days", Jack said wonderingly, thinking of Miss Langford.
" I never heard that".
" Miss Langford, come out and play with us like you promised", several of the little girls called.
" O&K&" Charles rose also, and the two of them moved over to join the girls.
" all right, if you can n't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school it out", Miss Langford said firmly, not smiling.
" but I 've got to take a chance on it", he told himself desperately.
" hell you say"?
" hell, I jist ask her".
" hell, I jist got on top of-"" No, I mean how 'd you get < her > to do it"?
" hell, yes.
" how 'd you do it"?
" it 's all over Branchville.
" it was my fault".
" jist like that"?
" let 's go inside".
" let 's play with 'em", Jack said, rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants.
" maybe at dinner time.
" maybe some of 'em will fall down and we 'll see up their dress".
" maybe", Jack said idly, watching for Miss Langford.
" me neither", others said, and soon the game broke up, the children going off in pairs, in larger groups and alone.
" no more today.
" no, not now", said the teacher.
" oh, come on Miss Langford, play with us just onct", one of the little girls begged, smiling wistfully.
" oh, shucks", the girl said.
" thank you", she said, dusting herself off.
" that 's all right", she said, tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes.
" time for books", she yelled, jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand.
" why ai n't you playin' ball"?
" will you play with us again, Miss Langford"?
## WHEN THEY reached the school, a gang of boys and girls were already there playing" crack the whip" in front of the schoolhouse.
I did n't mean to pull so hard".
Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun, past Robert Allen's three-room, tarpapered house, toward the field where the other boys were playing ball, thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes.
Jack watched Miss Langford all morning.
Miss Langford, in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals, without socks, was out there with them, trying to get them inside.
a nude imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jack's mind.
at noontime, remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids, Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys, except Charles, went off out the road to play ball.
besides I heard her old uncle that stays there has been doin' it".
come inside now".
he asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade, watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse.
he could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider.
he had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him, but he could n't take a chance on either of these possibilities: the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school.
he said, lapsing into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles.
he simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class.
he thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go.
his heart beat faster.
if you 'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself".
maybe some other day".
occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret, fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress, sitting in the sixth-grade row, and he coud hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did.
one of the little girls said.
presently she came out of the schoolhouse.
she 's been hangin' around me a lot here lately, and I figgered I might as well's try it.
that should do it, he thought, because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work.
the children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse.
the only drawback now to the plan he 'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work, too, and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack.
then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls, Jack, in the middle of the line, gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards, sitting down hard, her dress flying over her head.
they played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap.
to his surprise his plan worked perfectly.
when he came back to the schoolhouse, his mind was made up.
when her hand touched his, fire went through Jack and he felt weak, but he managed somehow to get her on her feet.
when she appeared, two or three of the little girls jumped up and down, yelling," Goody, goody".
while she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again, Jack ran over, offered her his hand and said," Gosh, I 'm sorry, Miss Langford.
with one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jack 's extended hand with the other.
" Dandy is to be our house guest, Louis.
" I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him.
" another young man, my dear?
" bastards", he would say," all I did was put a beat to that Vivaldi stuff, and the first chair clobbered me"!
" quite so, my dear.
" there ai n't nothin' faster, or lonelier, or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wann a go someplace", Feathertop would say.
## JUST six weeks after Dandy Brandon's arrival at the mansion, the little surgeon and his svelte young wife gave their annual open house and ball, to which only New Orleans' oldest and wealthiest families were invited.
Dandy, curiosity overcoming his apprehensions, peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle.
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss, and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster.
Delphine stood like stone, her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse.
I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad, quite precocious in many ways.
a stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms, and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests, chatting airily of the forthcoming races, the latest fashions from Paris, and Louisiana politics.
after I paid < Monsieur > Prieur for Dandy, I brought him home, but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night.
airless and dingy though it was, the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St& John.
also, he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony.
besides, her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth.
but at the coroner's inquest Delphine told a forthright story.
but he liked the smell of Delphine's perfume.
convulsively, he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator Gaston Berche, crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore.
dr& Lalaurie and I did n't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs".
dr& Lalaurie wore a maroon smoking jacket, and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses.
dr& Louis Lalaurie examined the inert form of the slave on the parquet dance floor and pronounced him dead.
feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie and shouted:" evil woman!
guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures.
had Dandy been older or wiser, instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his life.
he bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie- after closing the door- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber.
he deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation".
he must have fallen in with evil companions, for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced.
he saw a pint-sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head.
he was about 50 years old.
his pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition.
his room will be ready shortly".
how he returned in such a ghastly condition, or why, I cannot say.
it was Dandy Brandon, clad only in a bloody loincloth, emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him.
it was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the hilt that first evening, for the room was to become his prison cell.
it was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came, for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest.
moreover, runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans' dives.
mrs& Victor Dominique, socially prominent and a neighbor of the Lalauries, chanced to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and beheld an amazing sight.
once again life went its serene way- soirees, fox hunts, balls and dinners.
really, you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself", he said, frowning with displeasure.
ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die.
she daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion:" that poor boy!
she was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back.
since then, and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent- and even < in > decent- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero, he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper.
so Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home.
so the verict was" death at the hands of a person or persons unknown", and the elite of the city, accepting Delphine's testimony, welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold.
such a pitiful end"!
suddenly there was a commotion upstairs, a despairing boyish shriek, and the strains of the waltz faltered and died as the musicians and guests gaped at an apparition descending the marble staircase.
the Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder, and even a jury did n't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady.
the ball broke up in confusion.
the bleeding girl was tiring fast;
the coachman and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down Perdido Street.
the excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital.
the fugitive cried out in an oddly sibilant voice:" help me, somebody!
the girl was not more than 16.
the lad 's once superb body was a mass of scars and welts.
the manservant Devol and his mistress, Delphine Lalaurie, were pursuing a young girl- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion.
the physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave.
then, on July 2, there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip.
these were the last words he ever uttered.
they have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw!
though the slave 's dying words about the woman troubled the coroner's panel, Dandy's accusation was adjudged an aberration by the jury and disregarded.
when he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street, he was carried out in a coroner's basket.
you did this **h you like to hurt **h to beat people **h I want **h to go home".
" I only said I was hungry.
" I self served".
" a Kroger's self-serve", he explained.
" a charcoal pit, man", he said, indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier.
" fan it", he told Cappy, handing him a sheet of newspaper.
" fella", Ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man," you try my ever-lovin' patience".
" he 's okay.
" hot dogs, man.
" how come you 're riding the rods, kids like you"?
" no!
" oh, < come > on, Cappy", the girl chided.
" out.
" what 's the matter, she wann a go the bathroom"?
" where 'd you come from, Mr&- uh- Mr& Smith"?
" where from"?
" why did n't he want you to get hitched"?
" why n't ya say so, fellow travelers!
" yeah, but what' re we gon na eat?
" your fault, hell!
## WHEN THEY HAD LICKED the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers, they settled back, and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette.
< nice kid >, Ernie thought, < too bad >.
> Feathertop aimed a finger at him.
Cappy looked down at his wide hands, and did not reply.
Cappy looked wary, but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar.
Cappy's head came around sharply.
Ernie asked.
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag.
Ernie found it immensely funny.
Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim, trim legs as she walked to the bags, and tucked them beneath her, smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle.
I been riding train for a ways now".
Kitty inquired politely.
after a few seconds, she said," Dad did n't like Cappy.
after a while, Kitty murmured something to Cappy, and he held her close, answering," We 'll just have to wait till we pull into Philly, honey".
almost immediately they began to sizzle.
but surprisingly, Kitty's face came up and she said," My father.
c'm on, buddy, help me set up the kitchen and we 'll have food in a minute or two".
certainly not, I mean, < no > that is n't what I said"!
charcoal"?
he 's a nice guy".
he cleared his throat;
he did n't want us to get married.
he had it all doped, of course.
he looked up and grinned.
he mused.
he put the charcoal in the pot, lit the paper with the matches, and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot.
he reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners.
he ripped down the cellophane carefully, and laid three dogs on the tin foil.
he took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal, a deep pot of thin metal, some sheets of newspaper, a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it.
hmm- diddle!
it had been a long, hot while since he 'd seen anything as nice as this within grabbin' distance.
it was all my fault.
it was my fault".
joviality suffused Feathertop Ernie Cargill's voice as he reached behind him, pulling out a battered carpet bag, with leather handles.
not the greatest, but they stick to your belly insides".
she looked down at her hands, too.
she snapped at him.
she started to move toward the hay bags, dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her.
slug the kid, grab his dough- at least enough to get to Philadelphia- and then have a rockin' ball with the doll.
so we ran away".
the boy scowled at him, and the girl looked shocked.
they lapsed into silence, and the freight wallowed up a hill, scooted down the other side, shaking and clanking to itself.
this time even she did not answer.
we have n't had anything to eat all day".
why, we got dinner right here.
" < Puttana >"!
" but she should n't have come here in the first place", the women had said.
" eh, Torino!
" henh"!
" it 's not for making pretty speeches about Dante those actresses get paid so good".
" no, no. not that one.
( he was never without that dog.
) and his eyes- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow- had not altered their expression or direction.
Filippo Rossi, that's what he was called in the old country;
above it, from a second-story showroom, wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood.
and once she, too, ignored him.
and the coffee shop on Drexel Street, where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards, had a rose hedge beneath its window.
but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him.
but here he was just < Signore > or the Old Man.
but if the Old Man even thought about his wife now, nobody cared a fig.
but the past was dead here as the present was dead.
but this was not unusual, because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders.
but when he called for his withered, wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children, had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar?
but youth asked nothing of its parents- not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in passing.
calloused fingers, caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries, had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted, never to be tweezed away.
did the Old Man remember them there?
even the stable-garage, which housed nothing now but the scent of rot, had a lawn before it.
for all he saw or cared to see, this could have been a town in Italy, not the outskirts of Philadelphia.
his voice had not commanded her to stop.
in one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase.
it could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled.
it had not questioned why.
it slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches.
it squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade.
it swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors.
it was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance, as thin as the seams on her stockings, and still thinner.
it went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession.
just because she had a part on the stage in the old country, she thought she could carry her head higher than ours".
love and hatred and fear were one here, shaded only by fig trees and grape vines.
mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled, but had condemned again and again.
once the Old Man had had a wife.
only one house on the street had no lawn before it.
only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences, where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy.
or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill?
or the bay of female dogs in heat.
or the smell of thick tomato paste- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth.
or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night, when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights.
perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife.
sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city.
sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash.
she gave herself fancy airs!
she thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino".
that was Bartoli's shop.
the Old Man 's very soul could have left him and flown down that street, but he would n't have had anyone know it.
the hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it.
the only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened.
the way she strutted down the street, the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both.
the women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell;
there seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him.
they had slapped their thighs.
they never called him by name, although he had one.
this place was hatred to him, just as hatred was his only companion in his aloneness.
to him they were one and the same.
what did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals?
with a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders, she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and did n't stop.
without looking at him, without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her, she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars, rode away in it, and never came back.
yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill, rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery.
yet if he were not there, they would have missed him, as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June;
youth obeyed when commanded.
" Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Best's Liliputian Bazaar in New York, and I 'm sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans".
" Evadna Mae Evans said she did n't put a thing on her child but a flannel wrapper until it was nine months old".
" I 'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible".
" I 'm sorry.
" I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers", Eugenia said.
" I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something", Maggie said.
" I should think so", Eugenia said.
" I wish I had three wishes", Maggie said.
" all of them for you".
" and then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it, and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time.
" but it really would n't be fair, taking your jobs away from you".
" do n't worry, I can get plenty more", Eugenia said, wondering where in the world she could.
" every woman in the block has tried that".
" for one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day".
" it 's too elaborate.
" it seems to me you have enough to do as it is", Eugenia said.
" it would make me feel a lot better, but the Woman's Exchange is n't taking baked goods any more and I can n't leave the baby with Grandma because she is n't strong enough and the baby 's too young to be put in a nursery".
" oh, I 'm sure I could do that", Maggie said.
" she 'll be just as beautiful in something that does n't have to be ironed", Eugenia said.
" she 's so beautiful, and I do like to keep her looking nice".
" we could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it 's nice and sunny, but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that".
" well now, Maggie, you do n't have to snap at me", Eugenia said.
" well, let 's see.
" what about a tea room, then?
" what are you going to do with your feet so you do n't waste anything"?
" what else"?
" you might set up a dress shop in the living room".
## It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November, contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people.
Eugenia sighed.
I do seem to snap at everybody these days, but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money".
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night, trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more.
Maggie could n't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do: there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back;
Maggie laughed.
Maggie said.
Maggie started laughing, and she laughed so hard she could n't stop, and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining.
Maggie was looking much happier already, clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there, and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia would n't be ashamed of it.
Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office, taking what salary his father could hand out to him.
and Grandma is n't strong enough to take on something like that, and to tell you the truth neither am I".
and I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I 'm doing the washing".
in desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon:" do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money, so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things"?
in two months she became a fat highly social baby, with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head.
it had a look of grim stark realism, resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold, instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources.
let 's make a list of your assets".
little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery.
mr& Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep, and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby, milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap, just plain soap.
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition, and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her.
she had been watching Maggie go from the washing machine to the baby to the stove and back again.
she picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck.
she said," Oh Eugenia, I wish **h"" What"?
she said," Well, those are the really interesting things, but if you do n't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you, if you think you can type well enough".
she stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food;
she was so heavy that Maggie's arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her.
that kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East, which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries, protected by discriminatory freight rates.
the East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression, dragging the west along;
the cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City, locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance;
the jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices, outside newspaper buildings, in parks, in relief lines, outside government agencies.
the room filled with smoke, and Maggie's head throbbed with excitement and fatigue, but Stuart had such a happy, earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie could n't bear to do anything to quench it.
the temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days.
there never had been a need felt for such facilities.
there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating.
there were n't facilities to take care of them;
when she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures.
worry had a great deal to do with it;
you could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes".
" ' and let me go, for the night gathers me, and in the night shall no man gather fruit '".
" I 'll decide that when I get there.
" make your confession to God, Kizzie dear, not to the congregation".
" she was mighty good to you past times, an' this 'll fetch her".
" stand back, Miss Jen, she 's oneasy of your scarf".
" to absent loved ones".
" why lacerate the- congregation"?
" you 've told God, Frank", he said.
" you could try.
#42# MR& ROBARDS- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt& Pleasant neighborhood who called him that- was kind but too easygoing.
**h He, with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn, was reverent only of" the Mare"," the Racin' Mare", the revolting Gunny.
< her > horse, rather.
< she > must n't annoy < Gunny > whose foal was due then too!
Gunny invariably tried to bite her.
Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant- Tolley, the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband, his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition, her disgusting swollen stomach.
I < heard > you"!
I was so cruel to Tolley, so unfair.
Jenny wished now that she had had Dr& Dunne, feeling that somehow he would n't have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets.
Jenny's aversion to having Dr& Dunne, a former admirer, seemed silly to him, but he would humor her, get anybody she wanted, the best never being too good for her.
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick, he suggested.
a beautiful and haunting line, a subtle genius, Swinburne, difficult not to envy a gifted man, and perhaps he did **h.
absolution for his lie?
and do n't tell me you did n't at church Sunday.
and if I < ever > hear you say ' Mist Laban ' again I 'll < scream >.
and what had happened?
another weakness- far more irritating than his manner of speaking, which he made only token effort to change- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's.
beyond his window were the greening trees, new spring, eternal hope, eternal life.
but I 'll be fair now!
but Mr& Robards' now, oh my yes, indeed, yes!
but there were great satisfactions, even for a small man.
but this last time he drank not to Brace but" To Tolley"!
for the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny, going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall.
he < is > coming back, is n't he, Frank"?
he called her" the Mare" much as Mrs& Whipsnade spoke of" the Queen, God bless her".
he could put a stop to it, she told him again and again.
he poured his thimble of wine for the toast he 'd made so often.
he questioned God 's taking time to telegraph the message, but he felt better about Kizzie, and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole, wondering why he had preserved it.
he really had n't meant to, he assured her, but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr& Robards.
he would be in the barn, or riding for the veterinarian!
how strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings, and fail her in- spiritual ways.
human birth was no novelty to Mr& Robards.
if he died before she did, she would never be unable to resist opening it.
in any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons, making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own.
it did n't bother him for everybody from the blacksmith to the preacher to say," Howdy, Miss Jenny", adding a careless" Roy", but it did her.
it was simply < his > necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing.
let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder".
listening for hours to his laments that the war and" Mist Fair's" poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph, and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come, Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an < animal > who disliked her intensely and showed it.
mr& Robards laughed, said he 'd feel a damn fool, plain-out could n't do that even to please < her >.
nerves, Mr& Robards said, just a nip anyway.
never concern for his wife's nerves, or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January.
never," Quit that, you sor 'l devil"!
night after night he stayed with Gunny in the dead of winter, rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment, fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe, tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house.
now she must be thinking of a boy-name, something special.
reaching for an old clay pot, relic of pioneer days, he tore the envelope in pieces, dropping them into it, touching the little pyre to flame, watching it curl, the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash.
returning to the log-house he found some favorite lines from Jonathan Swift on his lips:" under the window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together.
rhyme 'em up cute- Arcilla, Flotilla **h" Edmonia for her mother, she said firmly, Jennifer, for herself, and-" Kezziah, for Miss Kizzie", he suggested.
simply call Mr& Whipsnade < Oscar >, and Dr& Dunne < P&G > &, and C 'un Major < Frank >.
surely now his beloved son could rest in peace.
the chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came, she was sure.
there lay Grand Fair's Quinzaine, his own young parents' graves, but new life and promise for his sons, grandsons.
there was something not < nice > about triplets, though their father seemed pleased, showing no disappointment that they had n't been the son he wanted, saying," You do n't see triplets trippin' down the pike ever' day, Miss Jen, hon.
what else was there to say?
yes, oh yes.
yet when the dear baby came, he had Tillie over here in a jiffy, and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been.
" I 'm taking them to the cemetery", said Henrietta, out of a vague feeling of hospitality.
" can n't blame a man for leavin' his wife", he said quite cheerfully.
" do n't remember, do you"?
" every month, f 'r three days", he said happily," I take no water into my system, no water whatsoever.
" go change your shoes before you turn around".
" it 's my dryin' out time".
" it 's nice of you", Henrietta said doubtfully.
" left mine many a time, only she never knew it.
" not so well 's I remember you", he said.
" rests the tissues", he said," and pacifies the system.
" rummaging in the dew", said Rosa coldly.
" summer 's been slow to come", he said.
" they' ll be takin' me next", he said pleasantly," but not so soon 's they plan.
" y' re the young Blackwell woman.
" y' re welcome".
" you 'd like to hear how I go about it".
" you do seem to", said Henrietta, impressed.
Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty.
Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would, and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense.
I know all about you".
Rosa, unbelievably, was not yet up and about, reassurance that Rosa was human.
a curious thought to end a curious night.
after the sad impatient moment, waiting for comfort which could not come, she slipped out of bed and went to the open window.
an old man, sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him, gave her a more than reflective look as she passed, the sap still plainly rising in his branches.
before anything else, she would go to Doaty's grave with flowers from Doaty 's forgotten garden.
everything must wait upon this mission, this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards.
feeling protective toward this sleeping being, Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug, a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot.
feeling suddenly neat and subdued, she dressed quite soberly and went downstairs.
folly danced, eager for whatever lay beyond the door.
for the first time in thirty years, Henrietta walked down the narrow street with its shuttered shops just stirring and its inhabitants eying her with the frankest curiosity.
he cupped his ear and shook his head at her repetition, announcing in a nettled way that he had heard her the first time.
he had never spoken once to the awed sisters, but his son had been friendly, a big fellow of fifty or more, a fishing-boat captain and powerful like the sea.
he looked up at her sharply.
he regarded her with rising hope.
he scowled at her flowers.
he straightened himself, soldierly against the wall, and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots.
he then offered his own estimate of the weather, which was unenthusiastic.
his stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text.
it 's dryin' myself out that does it".
it had always seemed to rain there, and even the grass was gray.
it must be that son who sat before her now, shriveled to half his size and half his senses.
it rests the tissues".
it was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things, but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but < une femme d' un certain age >.
leaning out, she could see a tangle of rosebush and honeysuckle, one not quite come to bloom, one just beyond it.
my dad did it, and he lived to a great age".
next to the Blackwells, Titus had owned the island most, and she and Adelia had often stood in front of him, silenced by his terrible years- a scanty man with a thin beard and very deep-set blue eyes like a mariner, more aged than possible.
no temptation, no sin.
no temptation, no virtue?
now, some of the acknowledgments were cautious, but all were interested.
on a thrusting spray thick with thorns and dewdrops and swelling pink buds, like a summer Valentine, a bird balanced and sang, nondescriptly brown and alive with its own music, a little engine of song.
on an impulse, she turned back and said good morning.
outside, the garden, the tame wilderness, yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies, sweet william, scented stock and lady's bedstraw, which she tied with long grasses and took back to show Rosa, who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing Folly.
ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man.
see half of 'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin.
she closed her eyes, remembering the small French cemetery, enclosed by stone walls.
she did suddenly, through the link of memory with his father, old Titus, who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away.
she said gently," Of course I remember you".
she smiled and bowed, recalling the princess-in-a-carriage feeling she had enjoyed when she was a child.
she sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home.
the birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music, and light was beginning to creep across the room, touching sill and door, table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf.
the cemetery slumbered just behind it, and the way lay through the village and close to the sea.
the garden below was lacy with dew and enchanting in its small wildness.
the poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers, supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws.
to a Blackwell, there was only one church.
" I beg your pardon"!
" I do n't believe I know you, and I can n't understand your quaint brand of English- it < was > meant to be English, was n't it"?
" all wrong ones"!
" harro, girl-san"!
" oh- I 'm sorry!
" take off, fly-boy"!
" uh- sorry"!
" you catchee boy-furiendo?
> and so she was, and would remain.
Japan did something to a man- and it was n't just Japan, either, because the same thing applied anywhere overseas.
Tommy interrupted furiously.
Tommy said out of her cold rage.
Tommy would n't know;
after coming to America, her parents had spoken only English.
and she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there.
at least, he had the decency to blush, she thought.
but she suffered in her off-duty hours.
but she was learning that so long as she was in this country, and wore civilian dress in the Club, there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English.
everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called," Bifutek-san"!
everybody had accepted her for what she was- a very charming girl.
for a steak sandwich, or" Kohi futotsu"!
for one cup of coffee.
four little Japanese waitresses were murdering the English language at the counter- Yuki Kobayashi happened to be one of them.
he came through from the Fleet Bar, which was stag, with the ice cubes tinkling in a glass he carried.
he muttered, and took off, obviously feeling like a fool.
he said, turning on what was meant to be charm.
he was perhaps a trifle tipsy, having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted, and consequently out of practice;
he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong, and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant.
if Tommy sat long enough, she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach.
it had n't been this way in college, or in nurses' training;
it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it, and, therefore, why not?
it was as if foreign duty implied and excused license;
it was n't this way in the hospital at San Diego.
maybe you likee date with me"?
nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places, nobody had suggested that she was n't American.
now, having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for, Tommy was being humiliated at every turn.
one had to have friends, and a congenial life in after-duty hours **h.
one thing was becoming increasingly sure.
one was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander;
probably off one of the carriers- an aviator.
seeing these did nothing for Tommy's mood.
she felt like a fool, too.
she felt, rather than saw, the approach of the good-looking young man.
she had been sent to the wrong place for duty.
she had changed into a cocktail dress, and the whole evening should have been before her, but already she was beginning to get a tight feeling at the back of her neck.
she looked around, self-consciously.
she told herself rebelliously, and with pride, < I am an American!
ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet, and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance, upkeep and shore liberty.
sooner or later, all the gray Navy ships came in here;
such as now, when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers' Club, having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime.
the nice-looking young officer fell back on his heels, open-mouthed and blushing.
the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children.
the trouble was that there was no lasting satisfaction in this for Tommy.
then she jerked her thumb toward the door in a very American gesture, and dropped into Navy slang.
then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke, and it was no different.
there are Spanish girls who look like Tommy Momoyama, brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces;
there are beauties from the Balkan states who are similarly endowed, and- back in the blessed United States- they were regarded simply as pretty women.
there had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese.
there was a fifty-fifty chance, perhaps, that he would be unmarried, and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different.
there was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward.
this was one of the Navy's crossroads- you find them all around the world.
two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables, both quite pretty and well groomed.
when he saw Tommy sitting alone, the tinkling sound stopped.
you see, I thought- I mean I really had no idea"-" Oh, yes- you had ideas"!
" God does n't have any appliance or cosmetics", he said heatedly before he caught himself.
" God, I take it, plays no part in this", she said waspishly.
" I 'm Mrs& Gertrude Parker", a soft voice explained," And I 'd like to talk to you for a few minutes, please".
" I 'm sure the hotel does n't know you 're wandering around the corridors, knocking on strangers' doors and talking down Eskimos".
" I can imagine", she said.
" I did n't say it was Christian.
" I do n't know much about them", Owen admitted," but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do".
" and whiskey", she said, smiling and blinking at the highball glasses.
" do n't forget whiskey;
" do you have any idea how far I travel every day?
" have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo"?
" how did you get by the desk"?
" how do you do"?
" oh"?
" oh, I just come once a week.
" our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska.
" that 's hardly a Christian approach", she remonstrated.
" they are a very difficult group of people".
" why is that"?
" yes", Owen called out.
" yes"?
" you 're in the secular world".
" you know", he said, getting a grip on himself," I think you 're going to have to excuse me.
" you know, that 's very interesting.
" you see", she said, looking past him into the room, where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light," you and I can n't understand the many hardships they have to undergo".
I do n't think you 'll find many active Christian salesmen.
I do this work all on my own, because I understand the difficulties and I want to help these lay-sisters.
I feel it 's my duty.
I have an appointment".
I have the whole Pacific Northwest".
Owen was aware he was getting overexcited but he could n't help himself.
ahah, he thought, a lush divorcee at last.
do you know these women go all through Alaska, and they do n't have the proper facilities?
every day I visit a different hotel.
forebearing, Owen kept his peace.
he asked curiously.
he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation.
he was disappointed to find a nervous, scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door.
it 's such a big seller".
it gave her a lewd, winking effect.
it sounded silly;
more people were passing;
mrs& gertrude Parker drew back.
not that religion is n't big business;
our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics".
people do n't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that.
probably saw me in the lobby.
several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly retreated, trying to close the door a little, and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice.
she apparently was n't satisfied with his reaction.
she asked, winking wildly.
she frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons.
she said, semi-professionally.
she smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion.
smug, Owen thought, smug and sappy.
that she was out for a touch was certain, but when did she get to the pitch?
the more canvassing I do, the more I note how far most people are from their personal God".
there was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye.
they travel in pairs as much as a hundred-and-fifty miles a day".
they' re up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them".
those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses, but they do n't get top personnel.
we call them lay-sisters and they go among the Eskimos making friends and bringing the light.
what would happen next?
when Owen was finally rid of him, there was a timid rap at the door.
why go on?
" Cromwell, of course.
" I 'm allergic to Tahoe", Owen explained.
" I have n't had any luck since I was a baby".
" and also, sir, two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely.
" have him come in".
" how's your luck, honey"?
" if you go broke", she said, smiling up at him," I 'll leave you".
" is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense"?
" it sort of brings a lump to my throat".
" let 's have a drink and discuss a merger".
" more arrests, I fear".
" my name's Gisele", the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch.
" named after the ballet.
" something about the pollen".
" sounds like real love", Owen said.
" stake me", she said," and let me at those dice.
" very well".
" we 'll see you around later".
" we 're all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at Cal-Neva", Buzz explained, still instigating.
" we ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel.
" well, okay", Buzz said.
" what is the next step, Captain"?
Alexander said," Answer me properly, Spencer".
Alexander walked away.
Heiser, breathless and wild-eyed, brought the chilling news that the handspikes, heavers and holystones had been mysteriously removed from their customary places.
I 'll make them dance the tango.
McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into Spencer's possession and that"-" Where did you gather all this information, Heiser?
Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck.
Owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot, but he could n't pyramid with any consecutive success.
Philip Spencer had cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his captain, yet it seemed in order to chide him for a lapse of proper address.
Spencer said nothing.
Spencer shook his head.
Spencer was quiet for a moment longer, then he said," There is nothing I want to say, Captain".
a glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away.
a short platinum blonde in a bursting sun-suit addressed him.
an African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green.
buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses.
during the morning hours, it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no sobering effect upon the men of the < Somers >.
everyone was flipping silver dollars.
he had no great prejudice against shills;
he is the oldest and most experienced of the lot.
he ogled a long redhead with green eyes, but she was a shill with her money in front of her.
he passed two brides, both wearing orchids, and they made him feel a little sad.
he read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three a&m& starring Adele ( The Body ) Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls.
he saw the dangers, not the glories of being identified as a mutineer.
he started out as a stickman, then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading.
he was knocking down checks at faro".
he was shorter and fatter than Owen, who felt good standing next to him.
he wondered if he might bag a tourist, but they looked frightened of him.
hostile glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort.
in your opinion, who is this E& Andrews on the ' certain ' list"?
it just seemed such a dry run.
my mother wanted to call me Sylphide, but it sounded too affected".
naval procedure, he thought, had its moments of grim humor.
she looked well-fed and prosperous, but he did n't get the impression he was being propositioned the way he 'd been hoping.
somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name".
the aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained, well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror.
the management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points.
the two met in the Captain's cabin.
there was a tap at the door and Oliver entered with the word that Heiser wished to see the Captain.
there was no cash around;
those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty, so as to be near Spencer, watching an opportunity to communicate with him.
we 'll get it in a hurry and get it out".
who reported to you the disappearance of handspikes and heavers and who"- He was interrupted by a crash from the deck and sprang toward the ladder, with Gansevoort and Heiser behind him.
" I am innocent, Captain", Cromwell said again.
" I cannot speak for others, sir, but I am innocent".
" I tell you he is innocent".
" I thought", Midshipman Rogers had told Alexander," that Spencer was teaching him geometry".
" Spencer, if there is guilt, if you do not deny your own, how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent?
" and do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word"?
" are you, Cromwell"?
" before God, Captain, I am innocent".
" no, Cromwell, I did not find your name.
" nothing to lose, either, Spencer".
" surely, Captain, you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything".
" that's true", Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation.
" when your mother was here he must have been a young boy.
" yes, sir.
" yes.
" you are the only man aboard who can be in doubt".
Alexander knew Spencer too well to think him nai^ve or thick-skulled.
Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer.
Captain, I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship".
I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell".
I know nothing of any plot, if there is such a thing".
I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road.
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms.
Rachel had seen me watching the young man.
Rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the Torah.
a young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides.
and because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain, they would be each other's undoing.
and in a sudden wave of painful clarity, Alexander recognized a kinship with Spencer.
and though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth, still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell.
before God I swear I am innocent.
bits of trash lay in the roadway.
but he could not have done so, could not have found the way, had fortune favored him.
he expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune.
he had a pinkish-white complexion, a small straight nose, a short black beard, and tightly curled < paot >.
he is innocent".
he leaned closer to Alexander, squinting up at him from the deck.
he said," Captain, may I speak, please?
he said," Cromwell is telling you the truth.
he was your constant companion".
he wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material, dark trousers, and black boots with buckles.
here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable.
his black hat with its wide brim, high crown, and fur trim rode high.
his eyes went back to contemplation of the sea.
his hands were swinging at his sides, and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and, pivoting on his heel, he entered an old stone building.
it was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom, where a class of apprentices awaited him.
like the ones you will see now".
no action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four midshipmen, prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper, had seen it in Cromwell's hands while Spencer whispered explanations.
now Spencer, seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy, spoke.
only Cromwell, the giant boatswain, was mild-mannered and respectful.
she smiled.
some of these apprentices were, in physical strength, already men and doubtless a percentage of them were Spencer's followers.
stern-faced, he inspected the prisoners, satisfying himself that they were clean, well fed and comfortable within reason.
the air smelled warmish and foul.
the boatswain was as guilty as any.
the calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell.
the girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings.
the hazel eyes met Alexander 's.
the prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger.
the red-haired captain, towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority, was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer.
there was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer, in handcuffs and ankle irons, knew it to be a truth.
this tragic lad had forged his own shackles.
this was a training ship and the training would continue, but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized.
with his head erect, he approached, not glancing at us, and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead.
you were careful about that".
" but she loved danger.
" here, nothing.
" trouble came into her life.
I 'd like to know that very much".
I resented them.
I said quietly, gaining nerve, ready to ask any question at all, no matter how intimate, ready to be rebuffed," Then why did she leave Israel?
I said quietly, respectfully," What did she do here?
I was American.
I was amazed.
Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace.
Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth.
Rachel faced me.
Rachel grinned slyly.
a few hours after the son was arrested, your mother was informed.
all his family was dead, except for his son.
all of it might have been heroic, but they had done it in the wrong place.
and I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people.
and I was n't.
at first I thought they were relatives of your mother, but it was not so.
but she had to go out and hurt herself.
but she sighed and her face relaxed.
but when she saw the children you have just visited, she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country, in the kibbutzim.
for many immigrants, for many children, the first thing they knew of Israel and freedom was your mother.
he came with his son.
he had the black numerals on his arm, so he had been branded in a concentration camp.
he helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted.
he loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him.
her bright eyes were twinkling.
here they did not need to be in ghettos.
if she could not take the children out of this section, at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms.
in this section"?
it was an impulse when she was here in Me 'a She 'arim- I was with her- that led her to stay in Israel.
nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted.
often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one.
ready to follow her impulse.
she chose it.
she had good friends here, people who liked her.
she loved the children.
she pursed her lips, then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me.
she ran from a little group of us.
she said," Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around.
she set out to make sure that no Jewish child anyplace in the world had to live in a place such as this".
she stayed here to work for Aliah.
she took it with her wherever she went;
she was a strange woman, your mother.
she was most strange woman.
she wished to change much for the children here".
she worked very hard.
sometimes it was dangerous for her".
the soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones.
then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe.
then his son did something"- Rachel threw up her hands-" I do n't know what, but something, to an official here- it was during the Mandate- and the son was imprisoned.
there was a man here in town.
there was a refugee who was able to come here because of her.
this refugee was a middle-aged man, a big, handsome man with a strut to his walk as I have never before seen.
when she loved, it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved.
who loved her.
yet he walked like a young man.
you had to be stupid or crazy or immortal.
you had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home.
you had to know, also, that you were going to fail.
your mother hated this way of life.
your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos.
your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off, and she would send him home to his son.
" < That's > authenticity", he said.
" I should have stayed at the store", she thought.
" damn the world", she thought.
George did wonderful complicated pen-and-ink drawings like something out of a medieval miniature: hundreds of delicate details crammed into an eight-by-ten sheet and looking as if they had been done under a jeweler's glass.
I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints: naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway, daring the cops to take him, is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver.
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made- linden wood covered with leather- so I 'd get the light reflections accurate.
I remember once I did a jacket for Magpie Press;
I said," Mr& McKenzie, it is as authentic as careful research can make it".
McKenzie was as happy as a clam.
McKenzie, the art editor, took one look at my finished sketch and said," Nothing doing, Rufus.
a lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping.
among us, we three handled quite a few small commissions, from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs.
and girls could n't have dressed like that- it is n't transparent enough".
and in a way the promise works out true, for whether he wants you or not, you go with him in your heart.
and in the third place, it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place- you 've got six colors there including gold".
and the hours were six-thirty in the morning until eleven at night on Saturdays and during sales, and there were no chairs and you could n't smoke and the cooling was overhead fans and there was no porter or janitor.
and you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you did n't get him, and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy, the chump who begged you to marry him, the one with the plastered hair and the car he could n't afford and the too-shiny shoes.
and you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St& Louis, where he got to be a big unhappy success.
as for Donald, he actually sold paintings.
back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids, back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four, which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions, like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down.
each of us had his own specialty besides.
even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift, and it is he inside of you.
he also drew precise crisp spots, which he sold to various literary and artistic journals, < The New Yorker, > for instance, or < Esquire >.
he had style, a real inner vision of his very own.
he hit the theme about dying to defend your country, and you were ready to do it right then, without a second thought.
he said," That may be, but it is n't authentic the way < readers > think.
he sold perhaps three or four a year, and usually all to Joyce Monmouth or her friends.
he was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day.
homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway, instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart, while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments.
if a man was good, if he was going to be governor, you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever.
in the end, I did the same old picture, the naked girl and the guy in the doorway, only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy, gave him a sword instead of a pistol, and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie.
in the first place, it 's static;
in the second place, it does n't look authentic;
it comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you could n't have Gratt Shafer;
it dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you, he was a man, and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable, you were passing it down to him, to Gratt Shafer's substitute, that other guy.
it was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it.
it was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing.
it was strange stuff- it reminded me of the pictures of a child, but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults.
not much;
she could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door, just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might, someday, break away the pipe connections from the wall.
she glanced at the man nodding beside her, a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks, with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen, reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August- yes, with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June, only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her.
she looked out at the corn field, the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds.
so they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it, not listening exactly, but rather, < feeling >.
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him, that other guy.
the bands were impatient, but they were the only ones.
the book could be < The Brothers Karamazov, > but it would still have the same jacket illustration.
the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3,, and I did a week of research to get the details just right: the fifteenth-century armor, furnishings, clothes.
the mayor envisioned factories there.
the others, the ones in the stands, were spellbound, for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City.
the toilet had n't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed-in place because you could n't keep the public out- entirely.
the two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out, by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching, whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot.
there was no lock because Herman did n't allow a lock.
there was the freshness of color, the freedom of perception, the lack of self-consciousness, but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye.
they know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like Little Lord Fauntleroy, and only the villains had beards.
we all painted in our spare time, and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships, but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it.
we used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted.
while he talked you would n't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world, no matter if it had n't, in six weeks, rained enough to wet a rat's ass.
you feel him every mile further away.
you feel where he is and what he sees, and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman, the one that never could love him the way you do, the one who got him because she did n't particularly give a damn whether she got him or did n't.
you laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit, and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm.
you think:" did he feel that way about me"?
you were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too.
you wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it, and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you could n't be happy yourself, to give somebody else the one they wanted- to give them you.
you wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you.
" I 'm sure she 'd turn it over to you, if you 'd rather.
" I can n't find it in the glove compartment".
" I drive my own car by courtesy of Via"?
" I have these appointments in town for Saturday, and I 'll probably spend Sunday with Dolly or the Thaxters".
" I knew all this, but I paid no attention.
" Ida, where is the car license"?
" do n't bother, Ida", she said.
" he has the magical eye.
" no, thank you.
" she must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's.
" stimulating" was the word for it.
" via must have it", I answered readily enough, recalling her last visit.
" via", she was frowning.
" what a fool I 've been", she said quietly.
" why should Via have it"?
" yes, it sounds great", I said," but suppose you do n't think of yourself as an impressionist painter"?
" you 're missing the point", he said.
## SUCH a little thing to start with- the car registration.
I 'll call her".
I 've always admired him, and when I heard he was taking a few pupils, I went to him and joined his class".
I did n't want to stir things up.
I do n't even own the house I 'm standing in.
I do n't know that it was always as rewarding as I had expected it to be.
I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic, and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead cigars.
I love you, I hate you, I feel like killing you and myself, and in the same sequence I love you I think you 're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on, meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living.
I made a lemon sponge, a light dessert, roasted a chicken, parboiled some frozen vegetables, so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend.
I suppose I should have paid attention to that half-murmured remark, but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in.
I want nothing of Via 's".
I was silent.
I was so sure it was all temporary **h that we would all embrace, and then the lawyer would tear up all those things **h" It narrows down down down and finally there is no way out.
Walter was giving me checks for my pay, the household bills.
a bunch of amateur dervishes!
actually, there was a lot of force in him, which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week.
after a short time, both George and Donald joined the class with me so they would n't feel lonely, and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading OUT TO WORK.
and he is a great man.
and that 's the trouble with so many artists today.
at last, I thought, she 's recovering her spirits.
but look at us today!
contact with him is stimulating.
had she been in such a turmoil that this had slipped her mind?
had she forgotten she had signed the car away, that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children?
he could certainly talk.
he even makes the city look like one of Thoreau's hangouts.
he filled a real need, showing society what it looked like, turning it inside out, portraying its wars and its leaders, its ugliness and its beauties, reflecting its profound religious impulses.
he was a propagandist- they were n't afraid of the word, then- satirist, nature lover, philosopher, scientist, what you will, a member of every party and of no party.
he was an artisan, a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did.
if I am not to be Mrs& Salter I am nothing".
in a way, Askington was right.
in the Middle Ages, in the Renaissance, right up to the early nineteenth century, the painter was a giant in the world.
it was an awkward hour, but I did n't have to punch any time clock, and it only meant that sometimes I had to stay a couple of hours later at the drawing board to finish up a job.
it was mostly for the benefit of the mailman, because hardly anybody else ever visited us.
no, that is n't quite fair.
partly, it was because Pendleton himself was n't what I anticipated.
she asked.
she looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud.
so I went about my business.
that 's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation.
the upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton's studio- or rather, of the studio in which he gave his classes, for he did n't work there himself- and joined the life class, which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning.
they lack stimulation.
they sit alone in their rooms and try to paint, and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life.
we hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels, and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity.
what we need is to get back to the group, to learning and apprenticeship, to the cafe and the school".
why should this suddenly assail her?
you know that".
" I 'm not a man who has many close intimate friends, Carla", he said, wanting her to know all about him.
" I 'm not trying to worry you".
" I guess so", she said taking a Kleenex from her purse.
" I had a rather small place of my own.
" and then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio".
" are your people still alive"?
" did you make friends easily"?
" do n't you know all about me by this time?
" me"?
" oh, I 'd drink with newspaper people.
" somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot.
" uhhu", she said, hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid.
" uhhu".
" umm, uhhu".
" well, all right then".
" well, what about you, Carla"?
" what about me"?
" what is this"?
" why put such a high value on being top dog"?
" you must have been good at history at school.
" you seem to have read so much, you have a natural gift for words", he added, trying to flatter her vanity.
" you talk so well, Carla", he went on.
## MR& SALTER came home.
I added.
I knelt, just for decency I thought at the time, but found myself whispering," Our Father which Art in Heaven **h" And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief.
I sleep with you.
I think I was what you might call a convivial man, and yet it was when I was alone in my studio, doing my work, that I really felt alive.
I waited.
a nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms".
again I felt impelled to kneel, and reached back and pulled Via down.
at home he had been a clean orderly man, and now he had to hide his annoyance.
at rest with my darling Ellen, the first Mrs& Salter.
but I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with".
but suppose she had not taken Mrs& Mathias' advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns, dispossessed of love, hanging on to makeshifts, and altogether and finally arid.
by the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the chapel-like auditorium with its discreet symbols of religious faiths.
he asked, trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed;
he wondered.
how about it"?
if she chose, and in that final decision discarded, what, above all, all of us value, life itself, must she not have risen to her fullest height, and transcending her murky self, felt at last the passion of a great moral decision?
if they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination, her search into herself and its conclusions.
it was coarse, almost insulting, this harsh appraisal, and she has never come to see me since.
my name's Carla Caneli.
pausing, he waited for her to turn, to ask a question.
she asked, turning slowly.
she asked, turning suddenly.
she frowned.
she showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home, and it hurt him a little.
she was finally at rest in truth, of her own proud free choice.
so he could have something of her for himself.
something would come into her heart **h if nothing else the sounds of Bach would give her some healing.
the cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor, and he got up and picked up one, then another, hoping she would notice what he was doing.
the coffin stood on trestles in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor, on its dark shining surface the sheaf of white roses I had ordered.
the funeral service was in the house, the Methodist minister, how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside, a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words, and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment, seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed.
then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her- as they had Ellen, the thought leaped to my mind- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning.
this is my town.
together we waited in her car until the hearse moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey.
via was in the parking lot when I went outside.
was she just naturally sloppy about everything but her physical appearance?
when she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth, she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror.
where did you go to school"?
why are you trying to worry me"?
would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life, told you some lies?
yes, I had cried out that I knew she 'd do it, but without my fully realizing it at the time, it was a cry of triumph for her, praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed- and guilt.
you know something more about me every day, do n't you?
" I 'm not good at that kind of thing".
" I am what I am.
" if < you > find it necessary, Sam, go ahead", she said, turning on the stair.
" it means so much to her.
" since we 're having coffee with them this afternoon", he said," I think I 'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us".
" this afternoon let 's take an air with them.
" why not"?
<" ciao," > and put out her hand.
Agnese had been sitting quietly, listening with the serenity of the unaware.
Agnese, smiling too, said," 'Ello", and then more slowly," I am happy".
Carla translated.
I can n't help it".
Signora Ferraro, bobbing her head encouragingly, asked Sam about Canada, having a special interest.
a half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros, hearing them hurrying down the stairs, would think they were going to a late mass.
a very great Pope, this one, the old woman explained, her black eyes sparkling.
acting only as interpreter Carla, her hands folded on her lap, was utterly impersonal.
all the ideologies changing from day to day, right under his eyes, so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom?
an intellectual.
and Carla, watching in wonder, turned to Sam.
and Sam thanked her, and hoped he might meet her nephew back home, and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope.
and he waited for her to say," Oh, no, I can do it, Sam.
and they sat down and began their little coffee party.
but Carla;
but very mystical too.
but where?
devout, orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland.
did Signor Raymond understand?
did many of Sam's countrymen live in boxcars in the bush?
eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness.
for a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar.
had Sam ever lived in a boxcar?
he did n't know how she would behave with other people.
her little brown face wrinkled up, her brown eyes gleamed, and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things.
her words remained with him, worrying him for hours.
indeed he did, Sam said solemnly, trying to get Carla's eye.
it 's like a flame, I guess", she said in a dreamy tone.
it seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them, could place them, it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla.
it was all too wearying.
it was said that he had had a vision.
it was the times, he was sure.
jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent.
just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky, he had seen the same thing later in his own garden, and she turned to Agnese for confirmation.
just the same, he thought, pondering over it, it would be a good thing for a girl like Carla if she got up and went to church.
just the same, the old woman said, she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country.
let 's be fine superior people of great dignity", he said as if he were joking.
look somewhere else.
no, he was indeed a saint now.
nodding approvingly and swelling with importance, the old lady whispered confidentially.
now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes.
regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars.
she said.
she wanted to know.
she would turn to them, then turn to him, then turn again.
surely she could see that these women were her Italians, too, he thought.
the Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee.
the Holy Father would die soon, she said to Carla, so she could translate for Sam, although he had a brilliant doctor, a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world.
the Pope, in the splendor of his great intellect, had neglected them a little.
the old woman had a nephew from North Italy, a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment, and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway.
there 's so little to do".
there was a certain discontent among the cardinals.
there would be changes made, and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome.
watching her, he felt like a spectator at a tennis game, with the ball being bounced back and forth.
when they walked into the Ferraro apartment, the old lady, bowing and smiling, said softly.
yes, the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint.
" hello, Julie, how are you"?
# For a while the young men waited outside the lodge of Tu Hul Hul Zote, glorying in his harsh language as he talked with himself.
# The young chief stared at the wall of his lodge, listening.
**h And then off he went so casually, to someone else with breasts better developed, more obvious in a lower-cut dress, someone without a mouthful of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him.
Julia felt at peace and drew her legs up and clasped her hands tightly around the bent knees.
Walitzee was among them, and Sarpsis, and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing.
Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay, knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees.
all the young men, Alokut among them, challenged them in matched racing.
and a very young one, Swan Necklace, tried to emulate them and followed timidly.
and she walked easily now, and more slowly, until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her.
and so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood, shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts.
and the suspicious, envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds.
and those of Early Spring, haunted and now full of hurt and envy.
at times they would ride frenziedly through the camp, letting the women see their courage, how handsome they were in their regalia.
but she found the path she always used, the stubs of branches she had broken, those she had pushed aside;
but they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics.
do you hear the anger of the whip's whine"?
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs.
he amused the young men who had been silent long enough.
he and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men.
he felt so much like laughing;
he ranted and prophesied the doom of his enemies, walking in circles in and out of his living place, drinking stolen whisky in great, gasping draughts until finally, incoherent and sick, he fell into his own oblivion.
he said," Let me take her blows, for there are demons in me too".
he saw himself in a superior reflection, and he was as a speeding arrow from the taut bow, hurtling with a mad grace, his maleness shining and scented with meadow rue.
he saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge.
he shouted like a hoarse old mastiff, his hair stiff and bristling.
he was always aware of the women's eyes which followed him, admiring him.
he would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction, because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices.
if I ever committed suicide, she thought, I would dive straight down from here- and no one would find me for days.
it was they who held the future in their hands.
move from the line or I will settle the whip on you **h.
move!
now they moved, rubbing their flesh alive again, disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them.
only- only- her thoughts were a little strange.
perhaps it was because it was so late, and because she had no business to be here now.
she felt as if some dark, totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm;
she had accomplished a miracle.
she had never been here at this hour.
she jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and, seating herself, shook her short-cut brown hair and tilted her chin far upward.
she smiled, and expertly let herself downward, holding this known root or that, her sneakers sliding in the leaves.
she stood, once more listening.
she was moving through a screen of hemlocks, in among the white birch and maples.
she was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago, in the Easter holidays, with her at one of those awful Friday Evening Dancing Class parties her mother had made her attend.
standing then with the others, peering into the sun, he saw the bright, multicolored legion, their hair flying like dark banners, only the thunder, the roll of drums, the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them.
suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard Pile of Clouds say in his high, quavering voice:" did you follow me to see my shame?
the hour could n't change it **h.
the reedy music of the frogs had faded, but presently it began again, growing in volume until it was vibrant.
the sound rose on the other side of the hills, vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad, disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas, horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell.
the sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears.
then again they would stand in circles making other preparations.
then, without knowing why, she found herself running from them, fleeing wildly through the trees, dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid, listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry.
they came out and held their games and races.
they combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love.
they danced the < paxam > wildly at night, the war dance, and dipped their arrowheads in the venom of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers, firing their few guns in unison at some indeterminate signal.
they leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted, ejaculated their grotesque cry of war.
they mounted their horses and rode off into the hills.
they raced and maneuvered for war, swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry.
they went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes, painting their faces with the sacred < attis > dug far off in the cave of skeletons.
they were becoming confused.
they would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance.
they would ride with streaming amulets, their colors ripening in the sun, shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death.
this was < her > place.
turning, the girl saw Dookiyoon standing between, his narrow shoulders unbent, his arms hanging long and resigned.
yellow Wolf was there, nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead, in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked.
" < You 're > leaving"?
" I 'll call your mother as soon as I get home.
" I 'll just wait for you here".
" I 'll take that, Julie- for you".
" I 'm about to leave myself.
" I 'm fine, Julie **h.
" I 'm going back to school", she answered.
" I can manage".
" I have to say good-by upstairs.
" I wish I did n't have to go back to school", she said, and then," I wish you lived in New York.
" I wish I did", he responded.
" I wish I was n't wearing this ridiculous costume, and that we could go to a theater together, or a nice restaurant, forget we knew **h" He stopped speaking.
" Pietro 's driving me.
" all right **h" She was staring at him.
" as a great favor, Julie", he said," please do n't mention you 've seen me".
" no **h.
" no- nothing at all", he said after a moment's hesitation.
" no- please **h.
" not to anyone"?
" oh no", she said.
" well, at least you will n't have to do that", she was saying.
" well, will n't you come in then, have a cup of coffee- or something?
**h Or maybe a drink"?
Carrie seemed more affectionate, but obviously Julia had respected his request.
I 'll drop you off".
I 'm all set.
I 'm just finishing breakfast **h.
I just do n't want anyone disturbed, Julie.
I will n't be long".
I would n't have the strength to answer, he thought.
Julia moved past.
Pietro was gazing at him in an insolent, disdainful fashion;
but have you told Mother you were going"?
but that did n't matter.
he could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages.
he could hardly believe he was getting in.
he could hear the footsteps overhead.
he could not stop to analyze.
he had never felt particularly close to her.
he imagined Sam's voice:" George, what the hell goes on"?
he leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him, but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids.
he raised them.
he saw the suitcase, which Julia was holding.
he stood up.
he took her hand.
he tried to see her face more clearly.
her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight.
it 's quite a big one", he added.
it' ll be so much easier".
just about to call a taxi".
maybe I could n't have called a taxi.
outside the Lincoln was parked.
please, you just go ahead".
she asked him.
she asked, in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated, considerate, and yet perhaps partly scornful.
she had disappeared.
she seemed overly tall, her brow knitted in concern.
she was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
she went ahead of him.
that 's in the opposite direction".
that's my wish.
to the manner born- odd to have such a thought at a time like this;
we 'll drop Mr& Rawlings off in Ardmore", Julia said, and for the merest second George was reminded of her father's tone with servants.
yet her inflection seemed forced or rehearsed.
" I 'll take you out to dinner.
" I love you.
" Myra wanted me to thank you for taking Cathy.
" but she promised- This will be different", he said at last.
" come, come", Jim said, jollying Lucy a little.
" darling"- she said, and the single word mingled love and exasperation in an equal blend.
" do n't even send flowers.
" it depends on the widow".
" not yet.
" she 'd better step on it.
" she should have told me herself.
" that 's a peculiar way to think".
" that was an awfully < long > two weeks".
" they make us conformists look good".
" you 've got to admit she was smart to scare up this fine government job over there- she 'll get a home for herself and Cathy in no time.
" you know", he said.
## FOR an otherwise silent moment, Jim's keys jingled nervously in his pocket.
**h No, darling I 'd rather you did n't come out".
**h" He had put down the receiver.
I 'll bribe you with a nice"- He was about to say" double martini" but thought better of it.
I 'll see you Wednesday.
Jim had put the thanks in his sister's mouth.
Jim's fine young face was an expressive one, too;
Lucy did not believe him;
Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it.
Lucy listened.
Lucy suspected that Myra would never have come home if Gregg, Myra's husband, had n't gone out to fetch her.
Myra appreciated nothing.
Susan ready"?
Susan would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days, but even at seven she was a prudent soul;
a smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape.
a strange relationship between Joan Fulbright and himself.
and < will > it be only a couple of weeks?
and not for one moment did she believe that Myra had settled down.
as he looked at her, it registered anxiety.
but Cathy was Myra's responsibility, not hers.
but she had stayed all winter, and Cathy had stayed all winter too- with them.
every doll in the house must be going with her".
in the office you might have thought them only casual friends;
it 's a long way to Websterville".
it seemed to Lucy that all their married life, she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life.
it was Jim's" little" sister Myra, the unreliable, irresponsible, forever flyaway, Myra.
it was n't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers, of course;
it was not that she disliked Cathy.
it' ll be only a couple of weeks before she finds a home for them in Paris- but even so, she wants you to know that she 's awfully grateful".
leaving Cathy with them, Myra had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit;
obviously, Susan was not.
okay?
on the defensive, he added," I wish you 'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg, to be a new widow, a young widow".
remember what happened the last time"?
remembering that succession of disasters, she now considered Cathy, an ominous child-cloud on her horizon.
she 's a year older than I am, Lucy told herself.
she always packed for a lifetime, just in case.
she had two tiny rooms on the second floor.
she knew that.
she let him come and go as he pleased, or as it pleased her.
she lived alone in the older part of the city, in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed.
she was a clever girl, a most efficient secretary.
the youngster drew her, troubled her depths;
upstairs, busy feet, showering like raindrops, pattered around her room.
whenever Lucy saw her, she tried, without noise or fuss, to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra.
who knew about it?
yet if he said: make an excuse yourself, come out here today, she would have been on the next train- and, similarly, if she had been in need, he would have gone to her.
you 'll see, Myra 's settling down".
" < Christmastime!
" Cathy was in tears, of course, and I heard Myra say, ' Now be good, and at Christmastime I 'll send you a wonderful present from Paris '".
" I 'll keep Cathy for two weeks.
" I 've been fixing up the guest room for Cathy".
" I can imagine"!
" I just thought I 'd let you know.
" Websterville Junction calling", she said.
" and < that's > what I 'm going to tell Jim".
" how was Cathy"?
" just for a couple of weeks, till Myra finds a place for them".
" subdued.
" that does it"!
" well"- This time there was a long silence, while the telephone hummed faintly with a voiceless life.
" you mean once Myra gets to Paris"?
## CATHY is tired, Lucy thought, watching them come slowly up the path.
>" Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up;
I 'd have phoned sooner but I 've been busy".
Lucy drew out the chair and sat down;
Myra dropped Cathy this morning, and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago.
Myra had no intention whatever of sending for Cathy in two weeks.
Susan was an active character;
a row of little hangers waited for a child's clothes in the neatly empty closet;
again there was that curious pause, and then her mother said," I guess I do.
as long as the unscrupulous Myra chose?
as she hung up, she saw through the hall's open window the purple-black flying of the cowbirds' wings, and heard their grotesque singing.
but Myra was the merriest widow I ever saw".
cowbird Myra!
for Lucy, the day 's nagging to-and-fro had come to an abrupt end.
for Mother to be able to call, Susan must be napping now, surrounded by her multitude of dolls.
for a moment, anger darkened the hallway about her, and when she found her voice, anger thickened it.
for a moment, her mind returned again to the strange, flying world of birds, and she said to herself.
her hand tightened on the receiver.
her mother was forthright;
in the sunshine of late afternoon, Lucy stood looking at the ready guest room.
it is n't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests **h.
it was only too true.
just before Myra left- She was saying good-by to Cathy, and she did n't realize I was near".
many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her.
on her way to the airport, on her way to Paris- you bet, Lucy said to herself.
once the soft, pretty moth found the bright light she had always wanted?
out in the hall, the upstairs phone shrilled, and the small ghost vanished.
puzzled, Lucy stared at the flowered wallpaper;
she 's not going to get away with it.
she hesitated, as though hunting over words and ways of putting them.
she relaxed a little, and some of the tension went out of her.
she said.
she trudged along slowly, both hands clutching a tired teddy bear.
she was at the moment just a small, walking package, being delivered to her aunt's and uncle's house.
she was not usually given to mysterious silences.
she wondered, with a baffled feeling of helplessness.
shocked speechless, Lucy sat there.
since Myra had always put most of Greg's money on her own back, Lucy suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed.
suddenly, seekingly, Lucy asked," Mother, do you know something I do n't know"?
the child's thin legs were plodding.
the closet was faintly fragrant with lavender, and as Lucy shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind, like a lavender ghost: Greg's house, on the day he was buried, and the child, pale, silent, baffled, watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes.
the worn teddy bear, a tiny suitcase that Jim carried, and the clothes she wore, were all she had.
then she jumped to her feet, the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake.
then, if Myra does nothing about fetching her, I 'll pack her right back to her mother- if I have to take her myself"!
there was a momentary pause, and then her mother said," How long is she supposed to stay"?
there were new yellow curtains, bright as a child's life ought to be, a new bedspread, lively with hopping rabbits, and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother Goose Mobile, spinning slowly in the breeze.
unlike Susan, she was traveling light;
was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good?
when she picked up the receiver, her mother's cheerful voice was there.
you could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah, yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic.
" I 'm Mark Gordon Peters the Fifth.
" I do n't smoke".
" I got ta go.
" I said Quint.
" a cane's mighty handy.
" a what"?
" because maybe I will n't have to wear it always.
" dingy-looking", was what she said.
" do you"?
" ever hear of squatter's rights"?
" hell, yes".
" his real name's DiMaggio, only we call him Maggie because he has to take tranquilizers.
" holy mackerel, that 's the most unique dog < I > ever saw", she said firmly.
" if I was your mama, I 'd wop your tail off".
" is n't".
" is n't".
" is".
" is".
" my mother never wops me.
" part collie, part wire-haired terrier".
" so do I. see you around, Mister Squint".
" sometimes eleven, fourteen a day".
" sure.
" that 's some dog.
" then why do n't you stop squinting"?
" this is my rock".
" why did n't you duck"?
" why do n't you paint it red and white like a barber pole"?
" you should n't smoke so much", he said, unconsciously imitating Victoria's holier-than-thou voice.
## That was how they started being friends.
I 've got this leg brace".
I come early in the morning".
Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail.
Quint glared.
Quintus in Latin means"-" I can speak both kinds of Latin, smart aleck".
come home or I 'll come find you".
dr& Fortman says if I exercise my leg more, maybe I can use a cane when I 'm big".
even though this is my rock, you can use it sometimes.
he 's been sick lately.
he 's braver than he looks.
he always did when people asked.
he snapped.
he would have told her, but Victoria was yodeling.
her cough sounded like cloth ripping.
her name was Sabella, and the strip of seaweed around her neck was an emerald necklace the King gave her as a token of his undying love.
hey, will you look at that"?
it made her blister.
last Tuesday he went on a ham jag".
not having said" hell" before, he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum.
or say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it- all you got to do is < bannnnnng, stooooomp > your cane on the floor **h.
same time, early, before the fog burned off, because she did n't like the sun;
she seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace.
she smelled of peppermints.
she spouted a mouthful of water into the air.
she was horrified.
she was sore as a boil.
she wore a bathing suit like his mother 's, no straps on the shouders.
someone 's walking past, you want to stop him, < zoooop >, snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane.
that meant" Mama wants you Quint.
that's short for Quintus.
they call me Quint".
they met next morning and all the mornings thereafter.
they started with the Kansas-Nebraska Bill of eighteen"-" Mister Big Britches, are n't you"?
what kind"?
" I know she gives the impression of being shallow and frivolous and scatterbrained.
" as if he were choking", she said.
" hurry up, we 're late", he said, noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning, the fog like a rope along the horizon, the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green.
" of course, there was nothing you could do, but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen", Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart.
" poor John"!
" poor John"!
" well, you should n't underestimate Edythe", Mousie said.
## When Bobbie Evans smashed up his car, the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday, and himself quite thoroughly with it, driving back from an afternoon's golf at Oakmont, it seemed to mark the end of a long, miswritten chapter in the social life of the community.
Bobbie and Linda looked magnificent at their wedding.
Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example.
John had claimed her from the stag line, a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes.
John sold the big old place in Sewickley and bought a smaller house in Fox Chapel.
John was at the church with Edythe.
John's mother died not long after his marriage, and there was even less Cooper money left.
John-and-Linda drove to Conneaut in three and a half hours.
John-and-Linda were at Longue Vue last night;
Linda accepted the reproach, which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains, and John was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh.
Linda looked remote yet lovely in black, and everyone held his or her breath.
Mousie Chandler had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at Horne's.
Mousie said it was because he was too proud to stand pity.
Victoria, I want you to **h" Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie would n't be scared.
all of it together meant drowning.
and romantic?
and then there was Linda's engagement to Bobbie Evans.
and was n't John's wife, Edythe, even more appalling, if possible?
and you did n't see her much at Longue Vue or anywhere, for John had drifted away from the gang.
did n't John Cooper, after all this time, deserve something better of life?
everybody knew that John Cooper had married Edythe on the rebound.
first, it came out after Mr& Cooper's will was settled- he had died the year before- that John and his mother were n't rich any more.
for it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow debs.
had n't Linda been a perfect wife to Bobbie, who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years?
he 'd tell Sabella about the nightmare.
he had to go into the water.
he was a bright and handsome young man from New York, who worked for the same steel company as John did.
he was not reduced to poverty, but his job at the steel company had become a real job and not a method of passing the day.
her hair never seemed to be in place and her skirts were never quite the correct length.
it got worse instead of better.
it had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung.
it was n't even John and Edythe.
it was simply Poor John.
it was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life, and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it had n't ruined his.
not that Linda was heartless, not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would.
only this one did n't heal.
others thought he could n't stand seeing Linda, Mrs& Bobbie Evans, still so beautiful, so much in command of everything.
she did n't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue, but her bathing suits were far from smart.
she giggled during the ceremony, and Mousie Chandler, who was one of Linda's bridesmaids, said John glared black as death at her.
she is frivolous and scatterbrained, but she really is n't shallow"**h.
some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action, but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe, with Edythe his bride, it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers.
sweating so much?
the baby can have an early nap.
the cave in his stomach hurt.
the first time the nurse took him out of the lung, she said if he got frightened, she 'd put him back for a second.
the metal collar gagging his neck?
the unbearable weight on his chest?
then there was a spat over something, as there had been lovers' spats before;
there was no connection between the two events, because Bobbie was n't rich, either, though he was more aggressive than John.
there was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe, but there was absolutely nothing right about her either.
there were less-dramatic reasons too.
was n't John Cooper even more attractive at forty-seven than he had been twenty-five years earlier?
was n't it adult and realistic to look at it that way?
what caused it, he did n't know.
you saw them always together those years.
you still said" John-and-Linda", but as if you were speaking of a national catastrophe such as the depression or Dillinger.
you talked about John-and-Linda as an entity.
" I 'll answer it".
" I 'm absolutely frantic!
" I did n't know it was going to be this late"!
" I have to get up early for church tomorrow", she went on.
" Janice, could you possibly go over and make sure everything 's all right?
" Janice, nobody answers at the apartment"!
" Janice, would you mind staying"?
" Shirley appreciated the chance to make some money.
" Wally's drunk- I 'll get him out of here as soon as I possibly can, but I do n't want Shirley to see him like this.
" all right", I said.
" fifteen minutes, then!
" i 'm- hard to wake up", she faltered.
" it 's all right", I said, as she started to look scared.
" mrs& Roberts had called, and could n't wake you.
" oh, she would n't do that", I said.
" pack your clothes", she hissed.
" she 's probably fallen asleep and does n't hear the phone.
" that's Mrs& Roberts again", I said.
" that's swell", I said sweetly.
" what's wrong"?
" you scared me half to death", I said shakily.
## @ CHRIS WAS sound asleep, and I did n't see any sense in waking him.
I 'd do it.
I 'll be glad to pay you"- So sure that money could do anything!
I 'll call you there in ten minutes"-" I can n't make it in ten minutes"- Wondering, as I said it, why I should make it at all.
I answered to find Nadine at the other end.
I could get along without that three dollars.
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone.
I dressed in the kitchen, then left a note on the table telling him what had happened.
I drove off through the cool darkness to Nadine's apartment and rang the bell, and in a few seconds a young girl opened the door.
I had always thought she was so beautiful.
I just came over to make sure everything was all right".
I must have dozed off, because I came to with a start at the sound of voices.
I opened the door, and Wally stumbled in- fast- as if Nadine had pushed him.
I stumbled through the hall, wondering who would be calling at this hour.
I told Nadine everything was fine, and that I 'd be getting on home.
Nadine's, shrill with anger- Wally's loud and thick- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two.
after I looked in at Francie, I went into the living room and waited.
and Nadine insisted that her sitters be reliable!
but because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment, and if I did n't go over, who would?
but if you 're worried you can go home and check"-" I can n't leave the party!
but now she looked ugly.
but then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well- the child needed her sleep, and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be, with Wally coming home drunk.
her face was flushed from sleep.
her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out, and if looks could kill, Wally would have been dead.
her voice came shrill.
in some ways it was worth being out the money- just knowing I was no longer obligated to Nadine!
it was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang.
not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me.
old Mr& Thom is already down on Wally, and we simply can n't afford to get Ken mad at us"- I was all set for what came next.
please, Janice.
she called then to say she had a baby-sitter for that night.
she did n't even give me a chance to refuse.
she did n't look over thirteen.
so I told her Mrs& Roberts would pay her in the morning, and she scooted off to her own apartment.
such a nice little thing- lives right in the building".
that stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie"!
the phone started ringing.
the receiver clicked in my ear.
there was a ragged edge to her voice now, as if she 'd been crying.
we 're at Ken Thom's apartment, and when one couple leaves early everything falls flat!
well, there was n't any law that said I had to stay!
why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie, when her parents did n't care enough to leave a party?
you know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building"- Not a word of thanks for what I 'd already done.
" I know we 'd be pretty crowded.
" I will n't do it", I said flatly.
" Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this!
" that is n't like you, Janice", Chris said uncomfortably.
" the high school kids have got everything sewed up", he said, a whine in his voice.
" those damn punks- taking work away from men who need it".
" virus infection nothing", she 'd scream at him.
" you 're too lazy to go out and look for another job.
" you can get < something, >" Nadine would snap.
" you can get a job working in a grocery store, if nothing else".
## @" BY FALL they' ll be back in school", I 'd say, trying to sound encouraging.
#@# I DON 'T really believe in intuition.
Chris made trip after trip in our old car, moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special.
I did n't want to be like that, mean and bitter.
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks.
I had a lot to be thankful for.
I had n't chosen medicine- < it > had chosen me.
I mentioned it to Chris one stifling hot night, when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air.
I was lucky in lots of ways, no doubt about it.
Nadine's constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed.
Wendell Thom had black-balled him.
a profession that brought me as good an income as mine was n't to be sneezed at.
actually, I should n't complain, I told myself in the shaving mirror.
and I could n't take six more weeks of this.
and for the thousandth time, I answered myself.
at least we 'll eat, I thought grimly as I put all the food away.
at least, we were together and we had Mrs& Hodges, bless her, to look after us- no mother could be fonder of Gladdy than Mrs& Hodges was.
but I must n't start on Alice.
but I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes, I knew it was going to be a bad day.
but it could n't go on forever- A couple of weeks, Chris had said.
but it would only be for a couple of weeks- until they get straightened out".
but the rest of it, the main part, was n't based on logic at all.
but the two weeks dragged into three, and they were still with us.
but this was only the middle of July **h.
but, darn it all, why < should > we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us?
but, in the end, we did.
especially in the way Gladdy had turned out.
for the thousandth time, I wished I 'd chosen some nice, nine-to-five, five-days-a-week profession.
growing up without a mother from the time she was three- it was n't a good thing for a child, even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been.
he set out every morning looking for work, and come home around noon, full of alibis and excuses.
her first class was n't until ten, but she always got up to have breakfast with me.
his luck had failed him, and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world.
if she 'd kept on as she 'd been going, the story I 'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now, anyhow **h As usual, Gladdy's bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table.
it just seemed as if there was nothing else < to > do.
it was a mess, all right.
it was incredible- He gave me an embarrassed, pleading look.
it was just going to be one of those days.
maybe I did n't see as much of Gladdy as I 'd like, but how much worse it would have been if I 'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home.
nobody would even take his application.
part of it was being so tired- I 'd not only had my usual full day yesterday, but a dinner meeting as well, that kept me up late.
part of it was the weather, so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital.
she is a closed book, a picture I keep on my bureau, but never look at.
something so incredible- I just stared at him.
straightened out- They' d had years of making all that money!
the finance company took all their furniture- and they did n't have a cent to their name.
then I felt uncomfortable, too.
then Wally got sick.
there < is > one big way we can help them.
to my way of thinking, he was scared sick.
we can let them move in with us"- Something I had simply never thought of.
well, now she can sleep in the street for all I care"!
when she was n't crying, she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally.
while I worked, Nadine sat and cried.
you 're just a no-good bum"!
" Alice, for goodness sake"-" Alice", she echoed mockingly.
" Groggins tells me she 's started badgering already, wants to get out.
" I 'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs.
" I 've got cancer, have n't I"?
" I 've got the results on the Bancroft smear test", he said.
" I 've just been talking to Dr& Michelson", I said.
" I do n't know what you heard that would make you think so, but I assure you I do n't even know myself, so how can you be so sure?
" I just got through seeing one of you guys.
" I sure can n't complain about the service in this place", she said.
" alice"- I stammered through dry lips.
" all right.
" if you can keep her here that long", Pete said wryly.
" no".
" no".
" suppose you let me explain.
" surprised, baby?
" there 's something there, all right.
" we 'd like you to have a dilatation and curettage.
" well"- I didn 't- I did n't ever want to see that woman again.
" well, better see what I can do".
" what 's the matter, Joe, you scared of me?
" will you tell me why"?
" you should n't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door", she said.
#@# I < stared > at her, almost speechless.
< a long, long way down >.
< this was someone who 'd come down in the world, > I thought.
I 'd had patients who 'd refused surgery before, of course, but never one who did n't show, in one way or another, the reason < why >.
I asked.
I gaped at her.
I grimaced in distaste.
I knew then, knew with a heart-stopping shock.
I looked at her in amazement.
I was sure that was the difficulty- she just did n't want to stay here, where she could n't get to the liquor.
actually, I rather doubt that we 'll have to do this.
again there was something familiar about her, < something > **h" You have n't got cancer", I said as strongly as I could.
and even if"-" Do n't give me a lot of talk, < Joe >".
but she seemed to be dozing and in any case, we 'd been talking in low tones.
but that was ridiculous, of course.
but there was that something, some echo in the way she spoke **h She was watching me intently, a funny little half-smile on her lips.
but we would like your permission to do- that is, to go further if it proves necessary".
but you have n't changed much, Joe".
class Three, they said.
do you want to talk to her, doctor"?
even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone.
even if we do, you 'll be out of here in a week, probably".
guess I 've changed, have n't I?
her eyes opened as soon as she heard me, though, and once again, I felt an inward shiver.
her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was.
it was flat, definite.
just let me die in peace".
let your pupils learn on someone else, doctor.
maybe it 's nothing, maybe it 's intraepithelial or < in situ > - can n't take any chances".
mostly, it was fear, but this woman's voice did n't tremble and her hands were still on the coverlet.
she could have found out my first name, of course- that would n't be difficult.
she smiled, a smile without humor.
she went on, disregarding my protests.
that 's quite minor, nothing to worry about.
there was something almost insulting in her tone, but I disregarded it.
think I 'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife?
wants to get to her booze, I guess".
we 'd been standing right outside Miss Bancroft's door and as I went to turn the knob to enter, I was surprised to find that the door was slightly ajar.
we 'll do a D& and C& and get her permission for a hysterectomy.
well, do n't worry.
what do < you > want"?
" I 'm not unhappy", I lied, staring at the snow.
" I 'm sorry I have n't got a glass", I said.
" ah, monsieur, it is not my business to wager it **h" This took me so funny I had to look at her.
" is it a woman"?
" non, non", she said, taking the bottle," not for that be sorry".
" now is n't it better to smile"?
" well- women and unhappiness go together", I observed profoundly, adding," You can wager your derriere on that".
( I did n't have on a hat.
) hardly glancing at her, I smiled a bleak one which said, Thanks, baby, but I 'd rather be alone.
I could n't be sure.
I could n't imagine her without it.
I could see she was shocked.
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes, and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit.
I did n't much care if she were there or not.
I even snorted a chuckle.
I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up.
I felt my frozen sad face crumble, and I grinned a silly one I could n't have helped.
I had on only a topcoat, but I was n't cold.
I had part of a bottle of French beer called Panther Pils ( so help me ), then switched to Tuborg.
I knew all about her.
I liked her, and all at once I was glad she was there.
I read the < Tropic of Capricorn > and the < Tropic of Cancer >.
I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park, and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky.
I was just miserable.
I was n't going to lug around a glass.
I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off.
I went out into it.
I went to my hotel and slept.
a good binge has that kind of therapeutic value.
after a few hours, Life had n't showed, and I was crocked.
after a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh," You have snow in your hair and ears".
all that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space.
anyway, I pulled a bottle of Remy Martin out of my topcoat, drew the cork, and passed it to her.
because I liked this sad person so much, I said," Will you have a drink with me"?
elemental, but sex.
her eyes were smiling, too, but so sadly, and there was tiredness and infinite wisdom in them.
it 's really rotten to drink good cognac like that, but I had n't cared before.
it gave her poise and posture.
it gave her propriety.
it gave her the right to sit down beside me, back straight, one hand out on the handle.
my head was clear, my thinking sober and I was reconciled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others.
no child, this tart, she must have been thirty-five or even forty.
not good looking, but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive.
pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick.
she asked gently.
she asked.
she must have seen the ring on my left hand.
she saw me and sat down beside me, three feet away.
she smiled at me, but it was an awfully sad smile.
she tilted up and drank, and then I drank.
she was another human being and happened to be a hustler.
she was even more miserable than me.
she was silent for a while, then said," Why are you so unhappy"?
she was trying to make a hole in my armor, and I did n't want it.
so I drank more cognac.
somehow she was attractive.
sometime earlier the weather had turned cold and it was snowing.
suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella.
that's what was on my mind.
the next morning a little cognac made me feel better- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning?
there was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night.
there was n't much light in the blue dark, but I could see her well.
we finished the bottle- I had n't had a lot out of it earlier- not speaking much to each other, and we stayed sober.
without it she would have been drab and limp.
, across the envelope, and now Theresa had it, all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope.
< I 'm supposed to care as much now as then, as much here as there, > she realized, with a sigh.
< of course, one of them would have to go and do this!
< this letter would have got to me if she had n't even put Rome, Italy, on it >.
> she had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her.
Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec, brother and sister- unmarried, devoted, aging- had lived next door to the Stubblefields in Tuxapoka from time immemorial until the Stubblefields had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago.
Cousin Emma had simply put Miss Theresa Stubblefield, Rome, Italy, on the envelope, had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka, Alabama, and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor.
England, France, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again, and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics, she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight, to see all these places with her own eyes.
I did n't ask for a Jeroboam of champagne".
I fixed him with a steely eye and said," What 's this for?
I thought that was pretty humorous, but I did n't laugh.
TWO LETTERS HAD ARRIVED FOR MISS THERESA STUBBLEFIELD: SHE PUT them in her bag.
Theresa had seen him through the right college, into the right fraternity, and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls, safely married to the right sort, however much in the early years of that match his wife, Anne, had not seemed to understand poor George.
Theresa sat with her letters in her lap, breathing Mediterranean air.
a few moments later her hands were trembling and her brow had contracted with anxiety and dismay.
a life of gentility and principle such as Cousin Elec had lived had to be known at first hand **h.
all the fine old stock was dying out, look at the world today.
an enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead.
and how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway?
as for Cousin Alexander Carraway, the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call- first Papa, then Mother, then Theresa and George.
but alas George, when < he > had written, had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elec's funeral.
cars, taxis, buses, and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain.
content **h excited;
could it just be, Theresa wondered, that Anne had understood only too well, and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull?
glad to be alone, Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left.
halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down.
he had hobbled downstairs into the parlor, in his agony, and was sitting, wrapped in his bathrobe, on a footstool.
he was full of heavy family reminiscence.
her Cousin Emma Carraway had written it, in her loose high old lady's script- t 's carefully crossed, but l 's inclined to wobble like an old car on the downward slope.
his own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted, and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far, still in diapers ), he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all.
how could you be both at once?
in Rome, all over Europe, she intended to move very slowly indeed.
in her mind's eye- her imagination responding fully, almost exhaustingly, to these shores' peculiar powers of stimulation- she saw the city as from above, telescoped on its great bare plains that the ruins marked, aqueducts and tombs, here a cypress, there a pine, and all around the low blue hills.
in the street the traffic was really frightening.
inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness, death, and burial of Cousin Alexander Carraway.
it was not yet complete: workmen were unloading the potted plants from a truck and placing them in banked rows on the steps above.
marvelous, thought Theresa, climbing in her portly, well-bred way, for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything.
moreover, nursing various Stubblefields- her aunt, then her mother, then her father- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ), Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot.
no return address whatsoever.
other people were doing it, too, sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above, watching the azaleas mass, or just enjoying the sun.
pictures in old Latin books returned to her: the Appian Way Today, the Colosseum, the Arch of Constantine.
poor Cousin Elec, > she thought, tears rising to sting in the sun, < but why could n't he have arranged to live through the summer?
poor George!
presently, she picked up the first of the letters.
she had heard about it the night before at her hotel.
she loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette.
she refolded the letter, replaced it in its envelope, and turned with relief to one from her brother George.
she would not stop to read them in American Express, as many were doing, sitting on benches or leaning against the walls, but pushed her way out into the street.
she would see them, looking just as they had in the books, and this would make up a part of her delight.
shoals of tourists went by her in national groups- English school girls in blue uniforms, German boys with cameras attached, smartly dressed Americans looking in shop windows.
so here it was, here was Italy, anyway, and terribly noisy.
somebody had scrawled American Express, Piazza di Spagna?
something special was going on here just now- the annual display of azalea plants.
strange, but she was.
the Spanish Steps.
the azaleas were as large as shrubs, and their myriad blooms, many still tight in the bud, ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink, along with many white ones too.
the only boy, the family darling.
the sun warmed her, as it seemed to be warming everything, perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches.
the very night after her father's funeral she had thought, though never admitted to a soul: < now I can go.
there 's nothing to stop me now >.
there they all did their uttermost to help Cousin Elec get a cramp out of his foot.
this was her first day in Rome and it was June.
together with her mother, both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong.
two days before he was taken sick, Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas, and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died.
" I always imagined I would probably end up marrying a minister or somebody like that.
" I could walk out the door".
" I might".
" and never show my face or my truck around here again".
" and smokes too much".
" and you fall for a lumber jockey".
" and", I was ticking off the items on my fingers," swears too much and goes out with the boys, whoever < they > are, too much, and who < never > goes to church and will n't even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold".
" do n't you dare".
" it 's so crazy", I told him once.
" look, Sue baby", he 'd said.
" or I could visit Lucille Warren".
" who drinks far too much".
" you would n't".
" you would n't.
## Against my folks' wishes, we 'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck.
< you > know".
I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck.
I asked him if it was true.
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine.
I did n't like it one bit.
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren.
I guess she was between affairs or something, but anyway, she had set her sights on Johnnie, < my > Johnnie.
I huddled miserably beside him in the truck.
I was n't in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men, but the moment I saw Johnnie, I knew he was different.
Johnnie and I had been innocent in our love, and that was the way I wanted to keep it.
Johnnie loved me and wanted me.
Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away, and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line.
a man had to have his release- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school- and I was n't providing it for Johnnie.
and he would n't leave her either- he 'd told me that.
and now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him.
and now he < was > seeing her.
and so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend Johnnie was seeing Mrs& warren.
at first, Johnnie had n't understood- how could he, not being a religious person like me?
but by the time the first crackling of spring came around, we both knew we were hopelessly in love.
but he would n't ask her- he was n't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will.
but it did n't seem fair.
but the only love < I > was giving him was the pure kind.
but what could I do?
even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren, I know they would n't have dreamed of saying it in front of me.
he 'd just admitted it to me.
he examined his nails carefully.
he gave me a straight, honest answer.
he had an easy masculine grace about him, the kind that kids do n't have, but that I had sometimes admired in other older men.
he shrugged noncommittally.
he still was n't looking at me.
he was n't only different- he was < it >.
he was too honorable to leave his wife penniless and leave those helpless children without their daddy.
his smile was quick, and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp.
honest, kitten, that 's all it is- I do n't even like Lucille much".
it was a vivid, sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard, bringing some stuff Dad had ordered.
it was all < my > doing- his seeing her.
it was weeks before we even kissed for the first time.
much as I love you- well, a guy 's a guy and Lucille's willing to- to come across.
my folks and my faith protected me from things like that.
my love for Johnnie was young and clean- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that, who did n't hesitate to use her sex.
neither was his wife.
please!
she would n't have, even if he 'd asked her.
somebody with no vices.
the most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that < he > seemed interested in < me >, too.
the rides were tame enough- mostly we talked.
they were good-living religious people, and I can truthfully say I never heard them spread any gossip about anybody.
yet even then we did nothing much but talk, and maybe neck a little.
you would n't".
" Alma, Schmalma.
" I do n't see Alma anywhere", I said.
" aw, come on".
" hey, there, beautiful twin of mine", Ronald said.
" i- I do n't think so, Ronald.
" lots of sun, lots of rest.
" need a pumpkin to get to the party"?
" no- really".
" okay.
" she 's invisible tonight.
" take a full month", the doctor had said.
" well, I < should > find Alma"- I began.
" you share a refrigerator", Mrs& Kirby had said, and somehow, at midnight, after the long drive from New York in pelting rain, that had sounded reasonable.
## By the time we arrived, the party was already going strong.
Charlie downed his orange juice and one of the long, skinny green pills, his spirits as damp as the day.
Charlie had accepted the diagnosis without comment.
I assumed Alma would get me there, but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up, we were separated.
I could n't help laughing with him.
I drew back.
I had n't been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever.
I had n't liked it at first- it was bitter and burning.
I thought so, and he mentioned it, and Alma said so too.
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group.
I went.
Johnnie **h I suddenly realized he 'd been totally out of my thoughts all evening.
a couple of the girls were laughing rather shrilly and I realized they were drinking.
a shot of orange juice would make everything seem better.
after the meeting, there was going to be a party at someone's house.
ah, yes- his half of a refrigerator stood outside, on the" curving veranda" between Unit Number Three and Unit Number Four.
and where was the thing?
breakfast, he thought.
but I had looked forward so much to being with this church group.
but at least come along while < I > get lubricated".
but that was only natural, I decided;
but when Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale, I enjoyed it.
c'm on, let 's find out where they' re keeping the glasses".
come along with me".
he looked around his little Eden: bureau, bed, table, chair, two-burner stove.
he looked very different from Johnnie- in fact, he looked sort of like me.
he remembered seeing it last night, when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables.
he shrugged.
in the cold light of day, it seemed a lunatic arrangement.
it was still raining, and Mrs& Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore, vivid blue and green and magenta.
my cousin Alma, at whose home I was staying during the convention, introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island.
my folks would n't dream of having alcohol in the house, so my first taste of it had been- of course- with Johnnie.
not for me".
of course I enjoyed ' most anything if I did it with Johnnie.
one of them was a very friendly, lovely fellow named Ronald, a boy about my age with slick, blond hair and dancing blue eyes.
outside the hall, I anxiously looked around for her, then all at once there was a hand on my elbow.
share bath, maybe- but share refrigerator?
she had explained it- something about summer people 's eating out and not enough space in the units.
so I went to Boston.
strange faces, most of them, and I was n't even sure all of them had come from the League meeting.
surely he was still resting snugly in my heart.
the first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall, a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states.
the kitchen was jammed.
the others will make you a little more comfortable until you get it licked.
the red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound.
then he remembered.
this is a sleeping capsule.
this vacation had seemed like a good idea last week, when his doctor had prescribed it.
today, he looked like an Astronaut who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space: hollow eyes, hollow cheeks, hollow stomach.
under normal circumstances, he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm, with great appeal for young ladies, old ladies, and dogs.
you young men get to be my age, you will n't take flu so lightly".
" Gee, neither do I".
" I 've got this cold", he wrote.
" I 've got this sunburn", said the note," and I used some of your hand lotion.
" I do n't have a lemon".
" I guess that redhead next to me took your advice.
" I spoke to the fellow next door, too", she might say.
" he 's that peaked kind".
" it 's none of my business", said the next note," but my aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold, and she lived to be ninety-six.
" m-m-m. thanks", was her answer the next day.
" my, you 're peaked.
" of course I do n't mind", she answered.
" you 're having a miserable time, are n't you?
" you will n't, if you 're looking for a redhead.
Charlie grinned.
Charlie looked in the mirror.
I have n't seen her on the beach".
I mean, she 's still living, and she 's ninety-six.
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur.
and he saw them all as he walked up and down.
at two that morning, he was still walking- up and down Peony, up and down the veranda, up and down the silent, moonlit beach.
but then, neither was peaked.
but then, redheads are often pale.
by the next morning, she had turned the paper over.
clearly, two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good.
finally, in desperation, he opened the refrigerator, filched her hand lotion, and left a note.
frail, feeble- peaked.
hardly an inviting description.
he could hear Mrs& Kirby now, warning her pale guest against sunburn.
he could not imagine a flower 's being brave enough to grow beside Peony, Larkspur, and the rest.
he did n't know what was so tough about Vivian's world, slopping around Nassau with what' s-his-name.
he got a red pill and a beer and then, on impulse, transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled" Be my guest" on the wrapping.
he had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper.
he looked more closely.
he paid little attention to her because she was a redhead and because she was wearing white- one of those bulky, turtle-neck sweaters.
he spent that afternoon on the beach, looking for a pale, browny-haired girl in a pink bathing suit.
he stuck his head in Mrs& Kirby's little rental office.
hope you do n't mind".
it gave him a good feeling.
it was a tough world, and you had to be tough to hold your own.
no wonder she was so pale, wearing all those cold clothes.
not that it was any of her business.
now Vivian, for instance, was not too long on sympathy.
on the beach, there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls.
run-down, iron-poor.
she 's got browny hair".
she did n't < sound > like a pale girl.
she felt, and said, that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves;
she sounded a little like a redhead.
surely there was a better word.
sympathy is a fine quality in a woman.
that pale kind 's the worst".
that pale kind, Charlie thought.
the note was propped against his pill bottles and bore a postscript:" you 're not at all well, are you"?
the sun, blazing hot as prophesied, was far from kind to Mrs& Kirby's varicolored properties.
the sweater was gone from the refrigerator, and in its place was a large plastic bag, full of wet pink clothes.
there were a sprinkling of daring bikinis and a preponderance of glorified tank suits.
there were pink bathing suits on blondes, and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits.
this was a very warm, sympathetic girl, he decided.
this weekend, he thought, he would look around for some more subdued retreat, with Cape roses, maybe, at the door.
up on a dune, he saw a girl, all by herself, sitting on a camp stool before an easel and absorbed in her painting.
use all the lotion you want, and for goodness' sake, stay in out of the sun for a couple of days".
when Charlie came up from the beach for his four-o 'clock pill, the whole establishment ( gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog ) looked like a floodlit modern painting- great blocks of dizzy color, punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators.
why do n't you try that"?
you want to watch out that you do n't get burned to an ash, first sunny day.
" Deegan", the manager said, his voice pitched low, quivering.
" I 'll be waiting"!
" for God's sake", Mike said, waving the manager away.
" hit the bum"!
" listen"!
" look at those bastards"!
" one more and I 'm coming out there"!
" stop it, will you?
" that was a rotten thing to do".
" that's what < you > say".
" they' re looking for trouble".
" you did n't have to ram him".
Charlie Haydon, a pitcher, said.
Deegan dropped, got up, turned and, holding the bat with both hands up against his chest, began to walk slowly out to the mound.
Deegan fell into the dirt, the ball going over him.
Eddie Lee moved over to Mike Deegan's side.
Mike Deegan pounded the rubber plate with the end of his bat.
Mike Deegan was sitting on the bench, watching.
Mike and the Anniston pitcher were pulled away before they even came together.
Mike sat quitely watching the manager come nearer.
Mike was slow getting into the box this time.
Phil Rossoff and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started.
Phil Rossoff, seated next to Deegan, got up and moved to the other end of the bench.
Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field.
after the game, Phil was taking off his sweatshirt in the dressing room when Mike Deegan came in.
all Deegan had to do was slide, fall away, but instead, he rammed into the catcher.
both fell heavily to the ground.
everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting.
fights sprang up and were quickly squelched.
he arose slowly and brushed himself off.
he called in the pitcher who had been pitching, and a big, heavy, powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston.
he did not move.
he got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again.
he shouted to the pitcher.
he stood flat-footed in the box, but not very close to the plate now.
he turned and went back across the field to his dugout.
he was followed by four of his men.
he went back to touch home plate, turned and walked to the dugout without looking back.
his face was flushed.
in the Riverside dugout Frankie Ricco, shortstop, whispered into Phil's ear:" there's gon na be a fight".
in the next moment, it seemed, the infield was crowded with spectators, ballplayers, cops, kids and a dog.
it began to look as if something was going to happen.
it was a cold and calculated look.
no one said a word.
only Mike got to his feet.
somebody yelled from the Anniston bench.
tell your guys not to block the plate".
the Anniston manager came right up to the dugout in front of Mike.
the Anniston manager looked at Eddie Lee.
the Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout.
the Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field.
the Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer.
the first ball the hefty pitcher threw came in for Mike's head.
the game started again and in the eighth inning Mike Deegan came up to bat.
the pitcher tossed his glove away and came towards Mike Deegan.
the pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for Mike's head.
the pitcher yelled back.
then the manager called for a doctor.
then, quickly, and a little nervously, the doctor ordered a couple of ballplayers to carry the catcher into the dressing room.
there was much shouting and screaming.
they poured water over their catcher's face.
they were both walking towards each other, unhurried.
when he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in.
when the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said:" that ought to teach the sonofabitch".
" I 'll speak to Whitey".
" I 'll talk to him, all right".
" I 'm not worried about it", Phil said.
" I do n't get it".
" I do n't know", Phil said.
" I think you 're wrong, Eddie", he said finally.
" Springfield 's in tomorrow", Frankie said.
" Springfield come in tomorrow"?
" ask Whitey for a job".
" atta boy".
" do n't take it like this", Frankie said.
" do n't worry", Frankie said.
" do what"?
" hell, plenty of guys get let out and come back later.
" nothing", Phil said.
" okay.
" sure", he said.
" talk to Whitey Jackson".
" that 's the way to talk.
" what are you gon na do, Phil"?
" what for"?
" what happened"?
" why not try another club"?
" will you do it, Phil"?
" you 'll get a job there.
" you crazy"?
Eddie nodded.
Frankie asked.
Frankie nodded.
Frankie shook his head.
Phil did not answer.
Phil looked up.
Phil nodded.
Phil said:" I got my release".
Phil shrugged.
Phil shut the door behind him.
Phil sighed.
Phil started to take his clothes off and Frankie sat down on the bench again.
Phil thought.
Phil took off one shoe and stared at it.
Phil turned and left the room, hearing Eddie say:" someday you 'll see I was right".
Phil was very quiet.
Richard's next interest seemed the product of his insularity.
a sport?
and you 've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who want to take your way of life away from you"!
for his birthday, because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them, his mother bought him the < Zend-Avesta > and a little image of the Indian god, Acala.
he 's wrong!
he just did n't know what he was talking about, saying a thing like that.
he needs outfielders bad".
he stood up slowly.
he was a little pale and shaky.
his broad reading took him into certain by-ways of religion and the subject of religion began to fascinate him.
his lips felt glued together.
it 's a way of life, goddamit!
it 's only < his > opinion.
outside in the dressing room, Frankie Ricco sat on the bench dressed in his street clothes.
the leagues are full of guys like that".
then Frankie said:" what are you gon na do"?
there were other clubs in this league.
they were silent for a few moments.
what else did Eddie have to say"?
what the hell right did Eddie have saying a thing like that?
when he was twelve he took to reading St& Augustine and Aquinas, then Lao-tse, Confucius, Mencius, Suzuki, Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers.
you 'll get your pay in the morning".
" but the point is", Charlotte said," there he was, freezing, naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji, all in worship of Fudo, the god of fire".
Fudo, the god of wisdom, was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala.
I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time.
I felt good and satisfied, looking at the snake.
I followed it, looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back, the colors clear and sharp and perfect, in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back, and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black.
I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks.
I had killed snakes before, when I was younger, but there had been no animal like this one, and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die.
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house.
I had never liked snakes much, I still had that kind of quick panic that I 'd had as a child whenever I saw one, but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful.
I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth, and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway, and when I looked again down the furrow, the snake was there.
I let the engine idle then, and I got down and went around the wheel and stood beside it.
I lowered him so he would not fall and his body slid out onto the cool, newly-plowed earth, from between my pale hands.
I picked him up, and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly, and I could feel the coolness of that radiant, fire-colored body, like splendid ice, and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him, like fieldmice swallowed whole might make.
I pulled the throttle of the tractor in and out, hoping to frighten him with the noise, but the snake only flicked its black, forked tongue and faced the huge tractor wheel, without fright or concern.
I saw it all at a glance.
I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings.
Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light.
all of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae.
and the next morning, not sure of why he went, he took the train to Fudomae and walked to Ryusenji.
but the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he could n't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day.
but the spirit he wished to call out would not, he knew, come in the person of the temple priest.
go out of the furrow, snake, I said, but it did not move at all.
he found himself trying to remember something, but he could n't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall.
he had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching.
he left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple, and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him.
he pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing, tractor sounds with his lips.
he seemed to have picked up a virus that day, because the next morning he had a small cough and felt a bit hot.
he stayed home, reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji.
he walked all the miles back to his room.
he was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly.
he was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned.
he went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool.
his flat and gracefully tapered head lifted as I looked at him and the black tongue slipped in and out of that solemn mouth.
instead, he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head.
into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple, to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze;
it had grown hot early that day, and I hoped that the boy, my brother's son, would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground, carrying the jar of cool water.
it lay half in the furrow and half out, and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch.
it shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself.
it was true;
it would kill one of us".
my movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again, and its tongue was working very rapidly.
on the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo, or perhaps a demon.
perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji, he was unable to put it together.
suddenly he emptied his pockets of all his coins and dropped them into the box before the seated Fudo and hurried back down both stairways and away from the temple, never looking back.
that night, after leaving Charlotte's apartment, Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room.
the black Fudo seemed to stare rigidly back at him and Richard's eyes were caught by the Fudo 's in fascination, and then Richard was shocked as, all at once, flames shot out from the sharp features of Fudo's face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound, as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it.
the body caressed through my hands like cool satin, and my hands, usually tanned and dark, were pale beside it, and I asked it where the fire colors could come from the coolness of that body.
the boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water, and he always dragged an old snow-fence lath or a stick along, to play with.
the cold lingered, making sleep difficult that night, and he remained in bed still the next morning, now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal, the wretched sound, the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life.
the color and beauty of it were strange and wonderful and somehow alien, too, in that dry and dusty and uncolored field.
the colors were astonishing, clear and bright, and it was as if the body held a fire of its own, and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin, vivid and alive and warm.
the conversation went on but Richard stopped listening.
the earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly, and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field, a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake.
the eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly.
the sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not, and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach.
the sharp, burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil, like a target.
the snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made, into the furrow and did not go any further.
the snake worked away very slowly and delicately and with a gorgeous kind of dignity and beauty, and he carried his head a little above the rolled clods.
the strange creature, housed in wire, made him shudder.
the tractor was heavily loaded with the weight of the plow turning the earth, and the tractor stopped instantly.
then the flames were gone, the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently.
when he at last did go to his room, he could n't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala, thinking first of Charlotte's tale of the man at Ryusenji, then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters.
you are much too beautiful.
you beauty, I said, I could n't kill you.
" do n't you see the difference now"?
" do n't you see what you have done"?
" do n't", I said.
" his interests range from astronomy and geology to electronics, tennis and swimming.
" in response to your letter, I can in good conscience recommend my son, David, in the field of leadership".
" it 's an ugly, terrible snake", he said.
## He put down his pipe and started to type.
Cady Partlow lit his pipe with no comfort.
Cady did n't come unglued easily, but this had not been a day of glad tidings.
Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride.
Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter, rolled in a fresh sheet, and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head.
David had the same gray eyes, high cheekbones, dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness.
Hanford College, Little Ivy League, had no room for football players with low grades.
Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago.
I could have slapped the boy.
I could see the happiness in the boy's eyes, the gleeful brutality.
I said.
I thought, you little brute, you nasty, selfish, little beast, with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes.
I wanted to slap his face, to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth, and I decided then, very suddenly, what I would do.
Pete's son was rejected.
after all, his wife had written most of his letters for him in those first lean days of Partlow Products.
besides, Cady Partlow knew he was n't the old-grad-type.
better show it to Anne and see if he had omitted anything.
but due to the many applicants on file, would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation, interests and his qualifications for leadership?
but he had been busy building a business, being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford, Class of 1935.
but then, he had n't studied very hard.
getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking.
gone back for reunions.
good solid B average with a sprinkling of A 's in math and science.
he belonged to a social club, a civic group, little theater, swimming team, and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club.
he came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes.
he did n't have to be told his son looked like him.
he finished with a flurry of good wishes to Hanford College and signed the letter.
he looked up at me, puzzled, and he swayed his head from side to side.
he paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build.
he shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket.
he stopped and looked at the picture of his son, the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College.
he told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities.
he told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics.
he turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence.
he wondered if he had played it wrong.
health, excellent.
height, 6'.
his chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to"- Mr& Partlow banged his fist on the keyboard, ruining the letter.
his eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic.
his son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor, lawyer, merchant or chief.
his son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life.
how do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential, that he will find himself?
how do you tell a college president that your son does n't know what he wants to do?
imagine his son being that good in science!
it would n't help anyway.
just give him time, give him a chance.
look at Pete Alcorn, who had n't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years.
maybe he should have kept in touch.
mr& Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford.
tax worries, production worries, personnel worries, and the letter from Hanford College, his own alma mater, a real snapper.
that you have refused to drive him into the family business or push him into a profession so you can say at the club," Of course David has known since he was twelve he wanted to be an engineer"- or a lawyer, or an editor?
then he met the grave eyes of his wife, Anne, from the photograph next to David 's.
there, that did it.
this was it.
this was the letter which would or would not enroll his son, David, in Hanford.
weight, 160.
what a production to make of a letter commending your own son!
yes, the boy's credentials were in order- scholastic transcript, character references, picture, health record, successful college boards.
" I can hardly say the same about you, Dave"!
" I did n't know I looked so dilapidated"!
" I do n't think you 've been quite honest, Cady.
" I know you wrote this in a hurry, but, Cady, Dave was only < acting > president of the student forum for a few days.
" a team is a team", insisted Cady.
" all right.
" and he was n't really < elected > treasurer of the science club.
" and the swimming team.
" anything else"?
" but he < was > president".
" but he plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts"!
" but you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college.
" do n't be too sure, dad.
" girls, my dear parent, are here to stay!
" in a way, yes.
" just say he likes swimming, tennis, chess and music".
" let 's go into the library.
" maybe I am padding it a bit, Anne", he said.
" music!
" the fact remains he < was > treasurer".
" what do you suggest"?
" wrong word, darling.
" yes", she said quietly.
" yes, he 's just there.
" you mean that rock-and-roll combo?
Anne folded the worrisome document.
Anne laughed and Cady felt the tension loosen its grip on the back of his neck.
Anne said it was n't surprising because Charles was antisocial, a lone wolf, and completely one-sided.
Anne smiled.
Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot.
Cady appeared slightly mollified.
Cady handed her the letter, drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence.
Cady stuck his jaw out.
Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable book-lined room.
Charles Burke got turned down by Dartmouth and he is a straight- A student".
Dave kissed her lightly.
David's interests.
Hanford College has n't decided on Dave's application yet.
already he could feel Anne 's questioning eyes.
astronomy.
but I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts".
do n't worry, Cady, he 'll be back in the Beethoven fold by next year".
even in that he never solos like Jack on guitar or Rich on sax.
geology, You and Dave used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago!
get my old man to bed early.
he 's- he 's just there, that 's all".
he does n't like to rise and shine.
he has n't been to a symphony concert all season".
he has to have leadership as well as grades".
he just took over the week Bill Daley was in the state basketball play-off".
he keeps the beat going.
he likes to play bass because he does n't have to solo.
he looks a little bit frayed".
he was mad about stars at the age of nine.
here's what I wrote".
it is n't like you.
just missed the first".
need any help"?
no, Cady, he made second team.
that was when half the school was down with flu".
they want a letter from me on his motives, interests and leadership.
those are n't his interests now".
you do seem somewhat tattered".
your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it.
" it 's a little contest Martin and I have", she would begin gaily, carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course.
" you were in a hurry, were n't you"?
**h He shivered.
Bill's hat was deposited in the hall closet.
Dolores smiled;
Dolores stood motionless in the doorway.
I can be as stubborn as she can, he thought;
Martin realized, later on, that he should have" had it out" with Dolores that night.
Martin strained his ears.
Martin turned his back.
Martin was standing a few feet from the front door.
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck.
a glissade of giggles slid over their voices.
about this time people began" dropping in", considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough.
all evening Anthea favored him with odd, coy looks.
and if he surrendered < after > raving at her.
angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip- preferably one that lasted months- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away.
as violently as possible.
at first he could not be sure.
at last there was a void no one could fill.
at once.
but he was so taken aback, he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in.
but his mother told the story over and over, till her" Martin said he was sorry" was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin, pallid ears.
but his resolution hardly seemed to help.
clearly she had been instructed" not to say a word".
for some reason, this ellipsis in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic.
he apologized so sweetly, I could n't keep being annoyed with him".
he considered the sober possibility.
he could even recall the last time he sat there.
he could not cross the living room, brush past her, and bend down to retrieve the shorts.
he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing had n't happened, which was as honest as he could put it.
he remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends, lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs, where he crouched listening.
he saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute, thinking he would get nervous.
he strode to answer the bell.
he swung around, eyes toward the bedroom, some fifteen feet away.
here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by.
if the situation had been bad, it now got worse.
in his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea.
it rang.
it was curious how the different visitors took this.
it was n't even true that he 'd said he was sorry that time;
let the best sex win.
my nerves are as strong.
of course, the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts.
on the contrary, it would only weaken his position if he fumed, while she stayed calm and adamant.
once Martin went along.
others asked.
quietly he determined to foil her.
quite a few laughed.
she 'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings.
she was talking about him that time, because he had done some bad thing, something she disliked, but" Afterwards Martin said he was sorry.
some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance.
suppose he ran up the white flag altogether?
ten minutes early.
the Brainards went home early.
the battle had to be fought.
then he caught just enough to know that the shorts were still there.
then one of the guests showed his merriment.
there was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean.
these stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment.
they entered the bedroom, and Dolores said nothing.
to them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale.
while he waited in the living room.
with the most casual and relaxed manner in the world, Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom.
" one should n't mix commercial affairs with patriarchy, but in this case I have no choice **h.
" well", he said," there is Freddy, you know **h.
" which is a frightful prospect, Bill".
" yes, I appreciate that.
" you were right", he said-" you and your engineer- and I 'm in something of a bind.
Adam, beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation, could n't deliver from his end.
Freddy 's backing dropped away from him and Mr& Willis was forced to make up the deficit.
Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already.
Freddy's solution does n't appeal to me.
Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father, prodded, no doubt, by Joan's open contempt for Freddy and William's irritating competency.
I 'm most grateful to you, so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy".
I 've caused him trouble before, and he 's beginning to resent me.
I do n't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution".
I know a guy named Jack Hamrick, a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler, and I took him with me to Allstates.
I think Adam Herberet is guilty of being too hopeful and better informed on defense financing than on the technical side.
I wish you would n't tell Freddy I 'm lukewarm;
William spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick.
Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged.
Willis laughed.
Willis listened patiently, and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering;
Zenith absorbed Allstates, stock transfers were arranged, and Freddy became president of the hyphenated combination.
allied to them was Gerry, devoting much time to swaying her father, and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further.
although not much desiring the account, he had been appointed advertising head of Zenith.
and Gerry.
and if he was n't entirely committed to what he did, he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities.
another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune;
at that point William came into the picture.
besides that, I 'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force.
can n't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles"?
confronted by a grim future, Freddy lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation.
cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders, it was ripe for amalgamation, and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash, and never mind inevitable consequences.
feeling his power, Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer.
freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner, his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure;
he assures me he has people to handle the money raising, and Ham Richert, my lawyer, says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem.
he forgot about A- Z till, unhappily, he and Hamrick were proved correct.
he generally heard Freddy's suggestions without interest, being absorbed by his own prospering concerns.
he thought the financing, the advertising, the production of new models, the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult.
heavy industry, slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers, attracted him.
here are a few facts and figures I 've assembled.
his recent experience in motor car advertising, a love for cars of themselves, the existence of A- Z's useless Wisconsin set-up, exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy, and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it.
if we do n't take care, the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides, brandishing their cudgels".
in addition to other defects, I 'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment.
in the end, he said:" I 'm not enchanted by the proposition, sir.
initially, Hamrick's reaction to A- Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging.
it 's his expert opinion that the plant is n't well suited to what you have in mind.
let me think about it.
missiles have thrown everything up for grabs, and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here.
mr& Willis, eager to have him allied with the family, wanted advice beyond the confines of his field, and William set out on a serious study of the situation, including trips to Wisconsin and Washington.
not to William's surprise, Freddy, Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed;
once more Willis summoned William.
probably Mr& Willis was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren.
she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with Freddy, the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death.
since they were hunting for national defense contracts, Adam Herberet, a man of surprising resources, entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections.
stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value.
the Allstates Auto Company, a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment, had recently constructed an over-large, modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism.
the Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant.
the conversion will cost a fortune.
the future of manned aircraft is in doubt, which affects government procurement, and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes.
they acquired another electronics factory, a specialized ceramics company, an organization that built- very experimentally- high-speed research calculators.
this means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market, looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough.
through Jack Hamrick, William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay.
whatever the reasons, Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith.
will you see if you can help me"?
with Herberet's blessing, he was convinced that Allstates' Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly, tanks, missiles or ordnance of some kind.
" I 'm afraid not".It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco!
" I suppose I can never expect to call you ' General ' after that Washington episode".
" all the in-laws have got to have their day", Adam said, and glared at William and Freddy in turn.
" hello, boss", he said, and grinned.
" is that so"?
" that worm a murderer?
" well, for ten years I 've been murdering women.
## Spike-haired, burly, red-faced, decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ivy League suit, Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers' club.
), had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said:" with your beard, dear, you ought to be in movies"!
>" The next day the police captain, in derision, organized what he termed" Welch's Wild Goose Chase".
Barco was clearly a" nut".
Barco, his state of apprehension gone, never to return, had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on.
I can lead you to every one of the bodies, and there ai n't four, nor five, nor six of ' em- there 's < seven!
Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge, rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft, and less than five minutes later, detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of Cal Barco.
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell.
Welch wanted to know why.
Welch was worried.
a man of vaulting ambition, with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles, nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity.
across the table, Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger.
at first Barco was evasive and shifty.
at the moment, Barco 's back was to the road so he did n't see the detectives close in on his convertible which, in their quest for the stolen lap rug, they proceeded to search.
but if true, it was the case of which he had dreamed, the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial.
but the old fellow, a lifelong teetotaler, refused it, and no more was thought of the matter.
but to Welch's chagrin, the police captain pooh-poohed Welch's credulity in Barco's confession.
but with Welch's relentless pursuit of the subject, Barco finally" broke" and started confessing to one murder after another.
by the time Barco reached the count of three, the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true.
during the return trip, Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases, such as:" they' re under sand dunes **h They' re better off, I tell you **h I saved their souls".
finally, at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue, they learned that their man, having paused to get oil for his car, had asked about the route to San Diego.
for indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it, even in Hollywood.
for it seems that Barco, fancying himself a ladies' man ( and why not, after seven marriages?
good luck to you".
he 'd show them!
he directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica.
he queried.
he stiffened and rose to his feet.
his manhood had been attacked.
however while in his cell awaiting trial for theft, Barco, in a fit of apprehension, made an attempt to take his own life.
it required strength, bravado, daring to commit murder.
it was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide.
it' ll be a lot better if you come clean".
no one knew.
nobody else showed pleasure.
nothing was found.
now Welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at.
on their way, they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants.
orders were given to dig.
ridiculous"!
so he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly:" Barco, we 've got the goods on you!
stopping the cars at a fork in the road, he got out, paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills, and indicated a location.
sweat started out on William's forehead, whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell.
the attempt had failed because, when endeavoring to cut his wrists, this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood.
the detective, commenting on Barco's behavior, felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged- that he was a more or less harmless" nut"!
the detectives placed Barco under arrest and, without informing him of the nature of the charge, took him back to Hollywood for questioning.
the jail authorities- attaching no particular significance to the episode- offered Barco whisky to revive him;
the newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused.
the police captain chortled.
the robe, however, was missing, for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale.
the searching party consisted of the police captain, Welch, Barco, policemen with shovels, newspaper reporters, and cameramen.
the suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test.
then it was that District Attorney Welch entered the case.
then, for the first time since his arrest, a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes.
they headed in that direction and, at San Juan Capistrano by-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in, eating a hot tamale.
thus it was that Barco, apprehended for mere larceny, now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered.
with greater precision he again paced off a location, this time a little more to the left.
" you are bound to get involved with people when you have children", Fran had told me at our first meeting," so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands, but People Who Do Things".
< anyone > knows how a real, red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe!
Bermuda was not in style that year.
Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska, or was it Wyoming?
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks by wearing Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks in < color >;
Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen, equal bosses, of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched.
Francesca and Herbert considered themselves violently nonconformist and showed the world they were by filling their Colonial house with contemporary furniture and paintings and other art objects ( expensive, but not necessarily valuable, contemporary things ).
Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in Catatonia.
Francesca was pleasant and charming, but Blanche was sweet.
Grazie had a small, slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast.
Grazie was mean: quietly mean, and bitterly, unfunnily sarcastic.
Herb, an expert on narrow ties, thin lapels, and swatches, was men's fashion editor of < Parvenu >, the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation.
I 'm not saying it right.
I admired their easy way of doing things but I could n't escape an uneasiness at their way of < always > doing the < right > things.
I could n't feel at home among them.
I discovered that the girls had shrewdly vacated the kitchen, and were playing quietly in the living room.
I had once been a witness when Blanche had smiled and said with only minimum ruefulness," Oh, my souffle has collapsed".
I would n't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal.
after five minutes with Blanche, one might welcome the astringency of Grazie, who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta.
besides Francesca, there was Blanche.
bright pinks and plaids and vivid stripes.
but dear me, no;
even brand names.
everyone was very high on Rome that year.
her uniform was of rich, raw silk, in a shade which matched her hair, skin, housepaint, and cats, and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless, she rather resembled a frozen fish stick.
how about them, I thought.
if Blanche had been honest, she would have yelled, slammed at least a couple of doors, and thrown a few little, valueless things.
it had a gourmet's corner ( instead of a kitchen ), a breakfast room, a luncheon room, a dining room, a sitting room, a room for standing up, a party room, dressing rooms for everybody, even a room for mud.
it seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet, instead of carrying out my threats.
it seemed, indeed, that their house was not so much a home, but rather a perfect stage set, and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play, and had talent enough to fill the roles competently, with nice understatement.
it was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room, paint in the painting room, play with blocks in the block house, and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time.
it was during her" writing" period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love.
no one could dislike them, I thought.
no, not Bermuda.
no.
not Blanche.
practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing" names";
resolving to get something done, I started in on the dishes.
she always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy, and that Koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs.
she it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I could n't drive.
she lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration, appointments, paint, and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring;
she patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile, then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful ( terrible, but successful ).
she was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and, having arrived in New York with a big bank roll, became a dabbler in various fields.
sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid, unrelieved black, and with her blonde hair cut so closely, wearing this uniform, she strongly resembled a member of the SS&.
sometimes, though, they did not seem quite human.
soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like Jennie 's holding her breath and pretending to black out, Miranda's dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table, and various screeches, thuds, and giggles.
the husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were, to me at least, indistinguishable.
the pets were a couple of Siamese cats.
the yellow pages of the telephone book were amazingly thin ).
their house was a centuries-old Colonial which they had had restored ( guided by an eminent architect ) and updated, and added on to.
their two boys were" well adjusted" and, like their parents, always did the right thing at the right time and damn the consequences.
they had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners, and for information as to where to shop, which dentist, doctor, plumber, and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice, since Catatonia was just a village;
they had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New York;
they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools, beaches, and abundance of names.
they had honeymooned in Rome;
they looked so formidable, however, so < demanding >, that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again, this time about Francesca and her husband.
they were inseparable, not because they were fond of each other, but because they wanted to keep an eye on each other, as they were keen rivals for social leadership.
they were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in < Parvenu > and all other magazines and newspapers, and then they honeymooned in Bermuda.
they were" personalities".
under the circumstances, I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone, but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening, and how important it was that Hank and I be there.
we did n't even know them till about a month after we moved- at that time, they had called on us, after I met Fran at a PTA meeting, and had taken us in hand socially.
what I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink.
yes, Blanche was very, very sweet- being in her company was like being drowned in warm, melted marshmallows.
you should hear the reverence in Fran's voice when she said" Baccarat" or" Steuben" or" Madame Alexander".
" I can n't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon", I said.
" ah, you 're too old", was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested" starting a family".
" bookies, booze and babes", Momma said bluntly.
" if I could only think of something at the studio, near me, to absorb his boundless energy", I said.
" what is Letch interested in"?
( I sometimes feel that God, in His infinite wisdom, < wants > us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory.
( I watched it on television late one night last week and it" stands up" remarkably well, even twenty years later.
( an actor must have discipline.
( but that is another story.
) Letch had returned from his < debacle > unrepentant and more badly behaved than before.
) as for his private monies, they were rapidly dissipated in drinking, gaming and carousing.
) the film was called < The Diet of Worms >, which I felt was just what Letch deserved.
) yet I adored this man, Letch Feeley, why, I cannot say.
< he did not!
> the" shooting" went on for eight months!
I now felt it wiser to keep Baby-dear in school and- during the summers- at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around.
I really loved that boy, and, in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful, wonderful person Letch had once been, I took my troubles to Momma, hoping that her earthy advice would help me.
I tried my hardest, with little help, may I say, from my husband and leading man, but somehow the outside pressures were too severe.
Letch had made it abundantly clear that he did not care for the company of my own precious daughter.
a lovely Epiphany party at Errol Flynn 's, on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown" starlet", leaving me" high and dry" to get home as best I could.
a" splash party" at the new pool, which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches, when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour;
and at three different times during our turbulent marriage strange girls, with the commonest of accents, telephoned to announce to me that Letch had sired their unborn children!
and did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf?
as I was playing Mother Cabrini, the picture was actually" all mine", with nearly every scene built around me.
as Letch's antisocial conduct increased, our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable" screenland" gathering.
as Mrs& Letch Feeley, was it any wonder that I, once < the > social arbiter of Filmdom, was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires, the Coopers, the Gables, the Colmans, the Rathbones, the Taylors, the Thalbergs and such devout, closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys?
as for his finances, I was never privileged to know exactly how much money Letch had" salted away".
at the same time, however, I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up, Sir Gauntley Pratt, to do a" quickie" called < The Mystery of the Mad Marquess >, in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and, unbeknownst to anyone, is still occupied by an eccentric maniac.
between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together, each less successful, both artistically and commercially, than the one before it.
but in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble, I wrote in a part especially for him- that of a dashing ruffian who" sees the light" and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini.
but it was small consolation.
by the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent, war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini.
could it do otherwise?
did he show the rest of the cast- numbering four thousand- the consideration of arriving at the studio punctually- or even at all?
did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had" tailor-made" to his specifications, a role eventually cut down to three short speeches?
each time Letch" went up" in his" lines", < I > was the one to be patient, helpful and apologetic while < he > indulged in outbursts of temperament, profanity and abuse, blaming others, going into" sulks" and, on more occasions than I care to count, storming off the" set" for the rest of the day.
even though I have always had a genius for" throwing myself" into every role and" playing it for all it 's worth", no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune, her reputation, her livelihood, her home and her nation itself are all imperilled.
having ( through < my > unflagging effort and devotion ) achieved stardom, a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote, Letch proceeded to neglect them all.
having the deepest of maternal instincts, my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white" bundles from heaven" I would have proudly given my husband.
he made many tasteless, irreverent and < un > funny remarks, not only about me in the title role, but about religion in general.
he was laughed off the screen.
her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and, in the hurry of buying Chateau Belletch, I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear, so there was no place to put her, anyhow.
her reply stung me, but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference.
in a rare fit of anger and spite, I" farmed out" my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment.
in clothes, Letch simply did not project.
it almost always works out for the best.
it turned out to be a life of Martin Luther, of all things!
it was I who paid for our little home, the food, the liquor, the servants- even Letch's bills at his tailor and the Los Angeles Athletic Club.
it was a disaster!
it was a" potboiler" made on a" shoestring" and not the sort of film I like, as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal.
more than once I was confronted by professional gamblers," bookies", loan" sharks", gangsters," thugs" and" finger men"- people of a class I did not even know existed- to repay my husband's staggering losses," or else **h" I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister < milieu >.
most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling" bookies", illegal gambling dens, a certain" residential club for young actresses", more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club.
my heart was not in it, but, oddly enough, it remains the most financially successful picture of my career.
never a" quick study", he now made no attempt to learn his" lines" and many a mile of film was wasted, many a scene- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians- was taken thirty, forty, fifty times because Miss Poitrine's co-star and" helpmate" had never learned his part.
never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw.
only George Santayana seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote:" Miss Poitrine has perpetrated the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet unleashed by Hollywood".
our last joint venture, < Sainted Lady >, a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini, and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November, 1938, was a fiasco from start to finish.
such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to" Oscar" winning performances.
thanks to Letch Feeley and the terrible strain he imposed on me, the notices were few and unfavorable.
the times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed, only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant;
these are but a sampling of the insults I endured.
up to date, however, his garden was still more or less of a mess, he had n't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he had n't found it.
whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was" hung over", uncooperative, rude and insulting.
with faint heart and a brave smile, I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch, his coldness, his indifference, his slights and his abuse.
" I 've been waiting to get these things done for months", she said.
" I have a thousand things for you to do.
" I was just sayin' to him that I 'm all ready now for anything else you want done".
" by the way", said Mr& Blatz, packing his tools into a battered carrier," them power tools needs extra voltage.
" did you or did you not say what I said you said, because Jane said you never said what I said"?
" now", he said," we got to put in some outlets for them power tools;
" oh, that's wonderful", cried Mrs& Crombie.
" those are the things < I > can do, now that I 'm set up".
" we will n't live long enough if I wait for you, besides which you do n't need to worry- there 'll be plenty more".
" well", he said," got your man fixed up nice down there.
#AMBIGUITY# Nothing in English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words, unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences.
Ben Franklin said," Clearly spoken, Mr& Fogg.
I guess you know about that.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan said," I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two".
after that everything should be simpler.
ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in.
and a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today," Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can n't understand his own meaning".
another woman, addressing Christmas cards, said to her husband:" we sent them one last year but they did n't send us one, so they probably will n't send us one this year because they' ll think we will n't send them one because they did n't last year, do n't you think, or shall we"?
as usual, Mrs& Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils.
at least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools.
at the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls, but Mr& Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance.
before you use 'em the light company 's got to run in a heavy line and you 'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits.
but the discussion was academic.
carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job.
doors that will n't open, and doors that will n't close and shelves and broken **h"" But those are the things I built the < workshop > for", protested Mr& Crombie.
he did n't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly.
he followed Mr& Blatz up the cellar stairs.
he ought a be able to build a new house with all them contraptions".
he said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you.
he went upstairs to phone Crumb.
how could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that?
if he was sober, which was doubtful, he 'd have him get in touch with Mr& Crombie.
in common parlance they would be described as misses- misinterpreters, misunderstanders, misdirectors and kindred misdeeds.
instead of being depressed by this news, Mr& Crombie was actually relieved.
it all did look very efficient and shipshape.
mr& Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
mr& Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr& Crombie's life since he moved to Highfield, in spite of the fact that he did n't work very fast or very long at a time, and he did n't like to work at all unless Mr& Crombie hung around and talked to him.
mr& Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
mr& Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink.
mr& Crombie could n't remember his saying any such thing.
mr& Crombie poked at it gingerly with his foot.
mr& Crombie watched his wife with an anxious expression.
mr& Crumb was laid up with a bad cold.
mr& Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night.
no, he did n't know of any handyman-carpenter.
nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk.
one species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition.
perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench- someone who knew what he was about.
so Mr& Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr& Blatz's mind from funny things.
such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded, and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours.
that ai n't too bad ' ceptin ' the light company 's so busy you can n't ever get 'em to do nothin '".
that was why he had n't been able to finish the porch.
the only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job.
then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we 're about through down here".
then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on.
there are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by rhetoricians under such names as amphibology, parisology, and other ologies.
there was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way.
there was n't any such thing any more.
there was no question of that.
they lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile.
to his amazement he reached him.
while Mr& Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench, Mr& Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar.
without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling, which he then stained and waxed according to his taste.
you explain English by Greek".
" I am", he said.
" I may be back", he explained," and then again, I may not".
" a blue suit", he answered.
" dearly beloved", he preached," unless you repent of your sins in a measure, and become converted to a degree, you will, I regret to say, be damned to a more or less extent".
" if you can fix it up with the undertaker", returned the politician," it 's all right with me".
" it 's only that I like to know where you go".
" it was only the other day that I saw something of yours, about something or other, in some magazine".
" no", she smiled," objected".
" of course, dear", she said.
" oh", said the woman," I 've seen that picture already".
" oh, I 'm so delighted to meet you", she gushed.
" that 's one thing I 've never done", she said promptly.
" what are my chances for taking Joe's place"?
" what have you got on today"?
" who 's in it"?
" yes, sir", she said," is that definite"?
< indefinite reference > also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another.
a news item described the launching of a ship:" completing the ceremony, the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea".
a politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died.
a woman met a famous author at a literary tea.
ambiguity arises when the pronoun < it > carries a twofold reference.
an excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone:" doctor, please come over right away.
an old-fashioned mother said to her modern daughter," You must have gotten in quite late last night, dear.
and yet it is not.
another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the < double verb >.
another less ambiguous case read as follows:" the bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction.
another specimen of such double-entendre is illustrated by a woman in a department store.
but since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners, the girl reluctantly agreed.
finally he asked," Do you object to petting"?
he asked.
he thought a moment, then inquired," You mean petted"?
her woolly-minded parent agreed.
if you are thinking of giving him a berth, be sure to make it a wide one".
in the comedy of indefinite reference, < it-wit > occupies a prominent place because of its frequent occurrence.
it is but so-so".
it would be hard to find anything more equivocal than:" I cannot recommend him too highly".
it-wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit.
my husband is in great pain.
no less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergyman's sermon.
one said," When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it, and within a few hours it 's gone".
one species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person, place, time or thing.
replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre.
she continued.
she inquired.
she said to the saleslady," I want a dress to put on around the house".
so she brought the fish in whole, and she carried a lemon in her mouth.
the < comic indefinite > comprises an extensive class of comedy.
the bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off".
the daughter replied," Oh, I had dinner with- well, you do n't know him but he 's awfully nice- and we went to a couple of places- I do n't suppose you 've heard of them- and we finished up at a cute little night club- I forget the name of it.
the girl nodded understandingly.
the manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite.
the moonlit night was made for romance, and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time.
the puzzled saleslady inquired," How large is your house, Madam"?
the speaker referred to the whiskey but his friend thought he meant the cold.
there was a short pause for reflection.
this baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence.
this clergyman should have referred to Shakespeare's dictum:" so-so is a good, very good, very excellent maxim.
this is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool:" four trucks to Fort Mason gym, 7:30 tonight, for hauling girls to dance.
this saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department.
two friends were talking.
when a customer asked for alligator shoes, she said," What size is your alligator"?
when a question contains two verbs, the response does not make clear which of them is being answered.
where were you"?
why, it 's all right, is n't it, Mother"?
" I am worried about the current meanings of the word ' funny '.
" Non-God, no", I said.
" be careful of the word ' gay ', for it, too, has undergone a change.
" but we now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivory towers, and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry.
" do you remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously?
" furiouser and furiouser", I said.
" great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable", I said.
" if you are trying to get us out of the brothel, the dustbin, the kitchen sink, and the tawdry living-room, you are probably wasting your time", Moreland told me.
" if you saw the drama called < Rhinoceros", > I said," think of the effect it would have on an audience of rhinos when the actor on stage suddenly begins turning into a rhinoceros.
" is it true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species"?
" not in the largest sense of the words", I said.
" now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again", Moreland protested.
" oh, I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon, he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance.
" oh, that is demonstrable", I told him.
" such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ', or ' the falcon to protect the dove ', or most terribly sharp of all, ' the human being to save humanity '".
" such as"?
" that is only partly non-nonsense", he began.
" the human ego being what it is", I put in," science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats.
" the other day Arnold Toynbee spoke against the inveterate tendency of our species to believe in the uniqueness of its religions, its ideologies, and its virtually everything else.
" the political and intellectual Left began fighting humor and comedy years ago, because they fear things they do not understand and cannot manage, such as satire and irony, such as humor and comedy.
" the world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free", he said," has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free.
" there was also < Gott strafe Angleterre", > Moreland reminded me," and < Carthago delenda est, > or if you will, < Deus strafe Carthage >.
" too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock".
" what a nasty fall was there"!
" you and I have fallen out of literature into politics", Moreland observed.
" you think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy"?
## MY HOST went over and stared out the window at his peacocks;
Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by.
I said.
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about.
Moreland asked.
Moreland demanded.
Moreland sat brooding for a full minute, during which I made each of us a new drink.
Moreland went over to stare at his peacocks again, and then came back and sat down, restively.
and frightening, as when a wife tells the police that it is funny, but her husband has n't been home for two days and nights".
and the sheep said- all in unison, I have no doubt- ' Ba-a-a '!
borrowing a line from Don Marquis' Mehitabel.
but, like Caesar, he has only one joke, so far as I can find out.
complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad.
disturbing, as when one says that a friend is acting funny;
forty years ago an English writer, W& L& George, dealt with this subject in < Eddies of the Day, > and said, as an example, that ' Saint George for Merry England ' would not start a spirit half so quickly as ' Strike frog-eating Frenchmen dead '"!
he looked so comfortable being straight.
he took his glass, clinked it against mine, and said, <" Toujours gai, > what the hell"!
he was very rude.
in his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn.
in our age of Science and < Angst > it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer space".
it consists in saying, ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage '.
it is n't what the ideologist believes in, but what he hates, that puts the world in jeopardy.
it now means ominous, as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor;
it now means, in my country, homosexual", I said.
it seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species".
nevertheless, like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually, Khrushchev, the anti-personality cultist, has become a comic actor, or thinks he has.
one day, the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse.
recently, by the way, I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized".
she told the sheep, ' The world is coming to an end '!
the rhinos would panic, screaming ' Help '!- if that can be screamed in their language".
the sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh".
then he turned to me.
there is a bitter satire for a future writer in that".
they wanted to see what his back felt like- the General 's.
they wanted to touch the mystery.
this is the force, in our time and in every other time, that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state.
why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else?
why in the name of his non-God does n't he vary it a bit"?
" Arlene 's a good girl", my uncle remarked to us;
" I 'm sorry, Mrs& Minks", Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it.
" I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress.
" I suppose you all were playing and forgot"?
" but do you know something curious"?
" imagine you will n't get your allowance if you 're caught not smiling- or smiling with your lips trembling too much", Arlene suggested.
" it 's perfectly understandable, Arlene", my mother said in a friendly way.
" it must be < awfully > good for them.
" she really is a dear little thing", my mother agreed.
" yes, ma 'am", the children chorused heartily.
" you ought to shake", Arlene advised them.
## Arlene became indispensable;
## They were a little late in getting home.
I have no notion why I reached.
I opened the window and threw the radish out".
I thought for a second.
a friend of my father 's came to dinner.
actually, it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it.
all they could think of was to run around in circles, kicking their legs out.
also, she lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled up in a neat, mean little heap at the white center of the radish.
also, when she had bitten off half of the small radish, she found the suspense unbearable;
and < awfully > kind of Arlene", she told us later.
and Arlene began tapping the kitchen door open.
and Arlene showed them how to begin.
and I found a < radish >.
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it.
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing.
and they did some somersaults.
as a matter of fact, this happened every four or five months.
as a result, he was persuaded out to dinner.
but I would not pamper myself in that silly way.
but he said it too soon, for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded.
but he was always persuaded out.
but it made her look unusual.
but she was.
but that was n't very funny, either.
but the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public.
for she knew and we knew that it was cowardice that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain.
he was passing through town and phoned to say hello.
her upper lip lifted slightly.
it never worked, naturally;
it was in the air.
it was n't very funny.
later on, the children told her further about somersaulting.
my mother constituted herself the voice of all of us.
nobody could have told why.
one could hear a very faint, ladylike sigh of relief.
or his horse.
she added.
she also taught them to sing" I wish I could shimmy like my sister Kate".
she was biting into a small red radish;
she would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting.
sometimes, as at this juncture, he did not.
sometimes, he coincided with my father 's being at home.
that helped a great deal.
that helped a lot.
that tap had a slight bangish quality.
the children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters;
then, my mother blushed at this small lie;
then, they said General Burnside was going to jump over his horse's head;
they also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling.
they were clumsy, but they were beginning to catch on.
was it an omen?
we could n't help laughing.
" I paint the nothing", he said once to Franz Kline and myself," the nothing that is behind the something, the inexpressible, unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious, the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever, suspended like a huge balloon, in non-time".
#@# { THE BREEZE AND CHANCELLOR NEITZBOHR }, a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere.
#@# { THE MUSIC OF BINI SALFININISTAS, CAPITAL LP @63711-R }, one of the rare recordings of this titanic, yet unsung, composer.
( Norman Mailer ), but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it.
DEAR SIRS: LET ME BEGIN by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds, wherever you are.
Fing, a lean, chiseled, impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke, is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest, most raucous opera, < Nabisco >, a sumptuous < bout-de-souffle > with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of" Volare".
I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this, and he replied that he had painted his model" a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas", which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity.
I merely draw an etymological distinction, hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman.
Max, in a fit of despair, takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank ( Fink calls it" the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life" ), at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinson's disease and dies.
Miss Pulova has a voice that Maria Callas once described as" like chipping teeth with a screw driver", and her round, opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie.
Quasimodo defines his own art as" the search for what is not there".
a biting, pithy parable of the all-pervading hollowness of modern life, the piece has been set by Mlle Lagoon to a sumptuous score ( a single motif played over and over by four thousand French horns ) by existentialist hot-shot Jean-Paul Sartre.
a major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible" Indianapolis" movement in the Baslot.
above all, disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence, to whimper over the loss of a few objets d' art, or to shame you into rectitude.
after a few tortuous moments of wondering who" he" is, the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue, and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture.
aging but still precocious, French feline < enfant terrible > Francoisette Lagoon has succeeded in shocking jaded old Paris again, this time with a sexy ballet scenario called < The Lascivious Interlude >, the story of a nymphomaniac trip-hammer operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel.
although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness ( there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half ), the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention.
and it is not unlikely that, even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years, so has the erudite, ingenious SalFininistas passed through his" purgatory" of neglect.
and it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet, progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso, and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning.
and, when the slat finally shatters, we see him count the fragments, all the while muttering," He loves me, he loves me not".
as Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by trite, heavy-handed, commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas, the American theatre is going through an inexorable renaissance in that nebulous area known as" off-Broadway".
as he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra, Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos, including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza, which was included at the conductor's insistence.
as we find out at the end, it is not the stool ( symbolizing Doris, therefore the English ) that he is punishing but the piece of Venetian blind.
as you have doubtless guessed already, the plot is plastered with Freudian, Jungian, and Meinckian theory.
bravado has been alternately described as" a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself" ( De Gaulle ) and" a decadent, disgusting slob"!
but now, under the guidance of the contemporary composer Marc Schlek, Jr&, a major revival is under way.
cause of all this commotion: squat, pug-nosed, balding, hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado, a Bogartian figure, who plays a sadistic, amoral, philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini 's endlessly provocative film, < A Sour Sponge >.
done in the modern style of a" confession", Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know, and, more important, love his mother's pet salamander, Alicia.
ever since < Bambi >, and, more recently, < Born Free >, there have been a lot of books about animals, but few compare with Max Fink's wry, understated, charming, and immensely readable < My Friend, the Quizzical Salamander >.
far from it;
for example, probably very few people know that the word" visrhanik" that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb" bouanahsha": to salivate.
for example, to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds, not skipping, at the same time, even < one > of the 407 fingerings, seems a feat too absurd to consider, and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage.
for example, when the film is only four minutes old, Neitzbohr refers to a small, Victorian piano stool as" Wilhelmina", and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name, of course, was Doris ( the English equivalent, when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations, of Wilhelmina ).
for the last two years, this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called" non-dramas" which have left indelible, bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer.
for the remainder of the movie, Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag.
i&e&, burglars who rob while the tenants are absent, in contrast to hot-slough prowlers, those who work while the occupants are home.
in this country, the two guiding lights are, without doubt, Felix Fing and Anna Pulova.
in this manner, he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk.
in this work, his use of non-color is startling and skillful.
it 's somewhat off the beaten track, to be sure, but therein lies its variety and charm.
it is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as" The Invasion of Cuba".
it is not an entirely happy book, as Mrs& Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and, in retaliation, refuses to continue to scrape the algae off her glass.
it is, I am reliably given to understand, the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost;
leaving the theatre after the performance, I had a flash of intuition that life, after all ( as Rilke said ), is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee, and that this unpretentious, moving, clever, bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired.
likewise, and equally fascinating, is the news that such unlikely synonyms as" pratakku"," sweathruna", and the tongue-twister" nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-biri-pitknoumen" all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British" imperialism".
not only was Haumd's intonation and phrasing without flaw, but he seemed to take every tonal eccentricity in stride.
opera in the Grand Tradition, along with mah-jongg, seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback.
petite, lovely Yvette Chadroe plays the nymphomaniac engagingly.
since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess, you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior.
soaring to stardom along with him, Margo Felicity Brighetti, a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet, turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic.
the Champs Elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of France's beat-up beatnik < jeunes filles >.
the action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee.
the battle of the drib-drool continues, but most of New York 's knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V ( for Vindication ) Day, September first, when Augustus Quasimodo's first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim.
the collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves.
the effect, needless to say, is almost terrifying, and though at times a bit obscure, the film is certainly a much-needed catharsis for the" repressed" movie-goer.
the innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them, asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie, gets a plate of English muffins instead.
the latest and, significantly, greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is < The >, an adaptation of Basho's classic frog-haiku by Roger Entwhistle, a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor.
the sweep of space, the delicate counterbalance of the white masses, the over-all completeness and unity, the originality and imagination, all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece.
the terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean, but before you start spouting them to your date, it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmanster's Delhi Regiment, since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit.
they are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress, the police, and an intruding government tutor.
this brief resume hardly does the book justice, but I heartily recommend it to all those who are < engages > with the major problems of our time.
those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August, 1916, will certainly welcome his return to public notice;
we have heard that after seeing Mr& Quasimodo's work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement.
we would have preferred, however, to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording, since it mars an otherwise sober, if not lofty, performance.
" I would n't be in his shoes for all the rice in China.
" see that guy"?
additionally, since you 're going to be < hors de combat > pretty soon with sprue, yaws, Delhi boil, the Granville wilt, liver fluke, bilharziasis, and a host of other complications of the hex you 've aroused, you must n't expect to be lionized socially.
as you can count on me to do the same.
compassionately yours, S& J& PERELMAN #REVULSION IN THE DESERT# THE DOORS of the D train slid shut, and as I dropped into a seat and, exhaling, looked up across the aisle, the whole aviary in my head burst into song.
from what I was able to gauge in a swift, greedy glance, the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying.
he evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks, and quickly superseded his boss.
he had aged thirty years, and his face, the color of tallow, was crisscrossed with wrinkles, as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire.
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once, clearly a man < in extremis >.
his < hubris, > deficiency of taste, and sadism carried him straightaway to the top.
his eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare as Dr& Grimesby Roylott 's when he was found before his open safe wearing the speckled band.
however one looks at it, therefore, I 'd say that your horoscope for this autumn is the reverse of rosy.
my advice, if you live long enough to continue your vocation, is that the next time you 're attracted by the exotic, pass it up- it 's nothing but a headache.
not long ago, I rode down with him in an elevator in Radio City;
reduced to beggary, he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer.
she was a living doll and no mistake- the blue-black bang, the wide cheekbones, olive-flushed, that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage, and the mouth whose only fault, in the novelist 's carping phrase, was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous.
some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps, he told us in a quavering voice- either an ape specter or Abe Spector, a process-server, we could n't determine which.
the beautiful, the satisfying part of his disintegration, however, was the masterly way the Buddha polished him off.
the grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers, most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi, and let him go.
the inventory you acquired from me is n't going to be easy to move;
the operator asked pityingly.
there 's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps".
you can n't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva.
