" failure to do this will continue to place a disproportionate burden" on Fulton taxpayers.
" only a relative handful of such reports was received", the jury said," considering the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this city".
" these actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms", the jury said.
" this is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance program", the jury said, but the State Welfare Department" has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County, which receives none of this money.
#ASK JAIL DEPUTIES# On other matters, the jury recommended that: _(1)_ Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and" a doctor, medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail".
#CONSTRUCTION BONDS# Meanwhile, it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds.
#MERGER PROPOSED# However, the jury said it believes" these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration".
#WARDS PROTECTED# The jury said it found the court" has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations" of two previous grand juries, the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee.
#a REVOLVING FUND# The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities.
Caldwell's resignation had been expected for some time.
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race, a top official said Wednesday.
Hartsfield has been mayor of Atlanta, with exception of one brief interlude, since 1937.
Henry L& Bowden was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney.
Mayor William B& Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams Hartsfield, in Fulton Superior Court Friday.
Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the" quickie" vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought.
Robert Snodgrass, state GOP chairman, said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience.
Sam Caldwell, State Highway Department public relations director, resigned Tuesday to work for Lt& Gov& Garland Byrd's campaign.
Schley County Rep& B& D& Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances.
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item.
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov& Marvin Griffin.
_(2)_ Fulton legislators" work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable" pension plan for city employes.
a Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work.
a similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of 29-5.
attorneys for the mayor said that an amicable property settlement has been agreed upon.
before adjournment Monday afternoon, the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made.
despite the warning, there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate, according to Republicans who attended.
gov& Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment.
he will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr&, who became a candidate in the Sept& 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection.
he will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville, who has been an assistant more than three years.
his petition charged mental cruelty.
his political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923.
implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury.
in the Blue Ridge meeting, the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters.
it listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika, Ala&.
it recommended that Fulton legislators act" to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them".
it urged that the city" take steps to remedy" this problem.
it urged that the next Legislature" provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected".
nevertheless," we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds", the jurors said.
regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport, the jury recommended" that when the new management takes charge Jan& 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences".
state Party Chairman James W& Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept& 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen& John Tower will be the featured speaker.
the City Purchasing Department, the jury said," is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies".
the Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced" no evidence" that any irregularities took place.
the Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly.
the Hartsfield home is at 637 E& Pelham Rd& NE.
the Highway Department source told The Constitution, however, that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds.
the September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible" irregularities" in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr&.
the bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act, and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia 's most heavily traveled highways.
the couple was married Aug& 2, 1913.
the grand jury commented on a number of other topics, among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said" are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments".
the grand jury took a swipe at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes.
the jurors said they realize" a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties".
the jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers, guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation.
the jury did not elaborate, but it added that" there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable".
the jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee, which had over-all charge of the election," deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta" for the manner in which the election was conducted.
the jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department, the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office, the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms, Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department.
the jury said it did find that many of Georgia's registration and election laws" are outmoded or inadequate and often ambiguous".
the largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race, one of two alternative courses must be taken: _1._ Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot, or _2._ The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system- a system which the party opposes in its platform.
the mayor's present term of office expires Jan& 1.
the petition listed the mayor's occupation as" attorney" and his age as 71.
the petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
they have a son, William Berry Jr&, and a daughter, Mrs& J& M& Cheshire of Griffin.
when the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race, it voted no- and there were no dissents.
when the gubernatorial campaign starts, Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd.
while emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31.
" Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds.
" a person with a master's degree in physics, chemistry, math or English, yet who has not taken Education courses, is not permitted to teach in the public schools", said Grover.
" some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property.
" this is a poor boy's bill", said Chapman.
" we must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence", Martin said.
" what this amounts to, if true, is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case.
" yes, your honor", replied Bellows.
#"MUST SOLVE PROBLEM"# The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is 4.4 million dollars, said C& Virgil Martin, president of Carson Pirie Scott + Co&, committee chairman.
#@# { MARSHALL FORMBY } of Plainview, former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission, suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress, eliminating the need for costly special elections.
#@# { NATURAL GAS } public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain, under a bill by Sen& Frank Owen 3, of El Paso, to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas.
#@# { THE OTHER BILL }, by Sen& A& M& Aikin Jr& of Paris, would relieve real estate brokers, who pay their own annual licensing fee, from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds.
#CALLS FOR EXTENSION# Other recommendations made by the committee are: extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives, including both parents, as a means of preserving family unity.
#DECISIONS ARE MADE# Asked to elaborate, Pierre Salinger, White House press secretary, replied," I would say it 's got to go thru several more drafts".
#FEARS PREJUDICIAL ASPECTS#" The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client", Bellows told the court.
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client, Alan Clements, 30, a separate trial.
Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom.
Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas.
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching.
Salinger said the work President Kennedy, advisers, and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording, rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city.
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- A Houston teacher, now serving in the Legislature, proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning" educational methods".
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas' big cities Thursday.
_AUSTIN, TEXAS_- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay.
_DENTON, TEXAS ( SP&)_- Principals of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been re-elected for the 1961-62 session upon the recommendation of Supt& Chester O& Strickland.
_PARIS, TEXAS ( SP&)_- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr& Clarence Charles Clark of Hays, Kan& as the school's new president.
_WASHINGTON, JULY 24_- President Kennedy today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio.
a normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours.
all Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Rep& Bill Jones, who was absent.
an adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot, when Texas votes on a U&S& senator.
college teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses.
dr& Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools, as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville, Texas, High School, as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma, and as an associate professor of education at Fort Hays, Kan&, State College.
dr& Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma.
dr& Clark will succeed Dr& J& R& McLemore, who will retire at the close of the present school term.
during his college career, Dr& Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman.
fifty-three of the 150 representatives immediately joined Grover as co-signers of the proposal.
he also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A + I College and a Bachelor of Science degree from Southwestern State College, Weatherford, Okla&.
he has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U&S& Army.
in addition, Dr& Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
it is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others".
judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired," You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this"?
most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas and Sen& Parkhouse.
opponents generally argued that the ballot could n't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice.
rep& Henry C& Grover, who teaches history in the Houston public schools, would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called" teaching methods" courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate.
rep& James Cotten of Weatherford insisted that a water development bill passed by the Texas House of Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort Worth to cover up places like Paradise, a Wise County hamlet of 250 people.
rep& Wesley Roberts of Seminole, sponsor of the poll idea, said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill.
research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency and illegitimacy.
several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest, Judge James B& Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday.
shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port, Mass&, a White House spokesman said the address text still had" quite a way to go" toward completion.
state and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a" blue ribbon" citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program.
statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds, and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill, did not sway Cotten's attack.
the President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone.
the West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill Hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb& 22.
the bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project.
the bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J& W& Buchanan of Dumas, Eligio ( Kika ) de la Garza of Mission, Sam F& Collins of Newton and Joe Chapman of Sulphur Springs.
the disclosure by Charles Bellows, chief defense counsel, startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial.
the proposal would have to receive final legislative approval, by two-thirds majorities, before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot, Roberts said.
the remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects.
the report called racial discrimination in employment" one of the most serious causes of family breakdown, desertion, and ADC dependency".
the report, culminating a year long study of the ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm, listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ADC case load.
the volume of ADC cases will decrease, Martin reported, when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems: relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color.
there is a conflict among the defendants".
these, he said, are" two of the principal underlying causes for family breakups leading to ADC".
this would help the little peanut districts".
under Formby's plan, an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor, lieutenant governor, speaker of the House, attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court.
when the shouting ended, the bill passed, 114 to 4, sending it to the Senate, where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen& George Parkhouse of Dallas.
# GOP RESTRAINED# It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it.
#AID PLANS REVAMPED# Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels, a high official source disclosed, that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration.
#CONFLICT SURVEYED# The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction, wherever it take place around the globe, is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies, and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection.
#DETENTE URGED# This group pleads with the administration to" give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups".
#ENFORCE BY DEMAND# The rule was enforced by demand of Sen& Wayne Morse [ D&, Ore& ] in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy 's in 1961.
#EXPLORATORY MOOD# A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair, with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited.
#EXPLOSION AVOIDED# In the case of Portugal, which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh, there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension.
#POLICIES MODIFIED# The inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in Laos, rather than continue to insist on a verification of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the Geneva conference.
Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive.
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first.
Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard, Boston University, Brandeis, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators.
Senate Republican Leader Dirksen [ Ill& ] and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck [ Ind& ] said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance.
_OSLO_ The most positive element to emerge from the Oslo meeting of North Atlantic Treaty Organization Foreign Ministers has been the freer, franker, and wider discussions, animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings.
_WASHINGTON, FEB& 9_- Acting hastily under White House pressure, the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C& Weaver as the nation's federal housing chief.
_WASHINGTON_ The Kennedy administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time.
a number of scattered" ayes" and" noes" was heard.
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds".
but he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated.
but he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first.
but he hastened to add that, if United States policies were not always clear, despite Mr& Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West, this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy.
but it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility.
but thus far there has been no response in kind.
but where the core of NATO is concerned, the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance," cornerstone" of its foreign policy, but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters.
but with the months moving on- and the immediate confrontations with the Communists showing no gain for the free world- the question arises: how effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression?
customary Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency.
each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down, but never completely fulfilled.
even Norway, despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this northernmost capital of the alliance, is today closer to the NATO line.
foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations.
former Vice-President Richard M& Nixon in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union.
he was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too conciliatory.
his reply, he said, was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now.
house Speaker Sam Rayburn [ D&, Tex& ] called the Kennedy program" a mighty fine thing", but made no prediction on its fate in the House.
in Laos, the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture.
in Oslo, the ministers have met in a climate of candor, and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems.
in the last eight years, all Presidential appointments, including those of cabinet rank, have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor.
it excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration.
it recommends that the United States" seek instead to detach the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations;
its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas.
mr& Nixon, for his part, would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation.
on the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for.
one Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he did n't attack the Kennedy administration on this score.
one diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State Dean Rusk's speeches as" inconclusive".
only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote.
policies on nuclear test ban negotiations were reviewed and changed.
strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements.
the Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator Thruston B& Morton ( R ) of Kentucky, chairman of the Republican National Committee, that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination.
the Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin, an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole.
the Secretary of State himself, in his first speech, gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months.
the United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated.
the United States, State Department officials explain, now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring Thailand and South Viet Nam.
the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions: more, deeper, and more timely political consultation within the alliance, the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries, and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent.
the general, remarkably courteous, explanation has left basic positions unchanged, but there has been no explosion in the council.
the impression has nevertheless been given during these three days, despite Mr& Rusk's personal popularity, that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind, more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots.
the nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa, exacerbated by the difficulties, changes, and tragedies facing them, and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about, has been conspicious by its absence.
there is little optimism here that the Communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in Laos.
there should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes, since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance.
they can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans, if they had been in power, would have made" amateurish and monumental blunders" in Cuba.
they count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this.
this atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the" colonialist" powers and those who have never, or not for a long time, had such problems.
this has been a working session of an organization that, by its very nature, can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes.
this increase in the" threshold", as the conventional forces strengthening is called, will prove one of the alliance 's most difficult problems in the months to come.
this is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make.
those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message.
until the Cuban fiasco and the Communist military victories in Laos, almost any observer would have said that President Kennedy had blended a program that respected, generally, the opinions voiced both by Mr& Nixon and the professors.
" after inspiring this, I think we should certainly follow through on it", he declared.
" but I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time", Mitchell said.
" he calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can n't have it both ways", Jones said.
" he is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign", he said," because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign".
" how can a man with any degree of common decency charge this"?
" it has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement".
" our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement", he indicated," and to tell them what this will mean for the town".
" that was before I studied law.
#DECRIES JOBLESSNESS# Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate" Must share the blame for this".
#REGRETS ATTACK# Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president.
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary.
Hughes said Monday," It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower Republicanism, but the heart stopped beating and the lifeblood congealed after Eisenhower retired.
Jones, unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions, saved his barbs for Mitchell.
Mitchell said the closeness of the outcome in last fall's Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue.
Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign.
Mitchell was for using it, Jones against, and Sen& Wayne Dumont Jr& R-Warren did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel.
Sunday he had added," We can love Eisenhower the man, even if we considered him a mediocre president **h but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership".
William A& Martinelli, chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston, transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond Fortin Sr&.
_PLAINFIELD_- James P& Mitchell and Sen& Walter H& Jones R-Bergen, last night disagreed on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by Richard J& Hughes, Democratic gubernatorial candidate, that the GOP is" Campaigning on the carcass of Eisenhower Republicanism".
a difference of opinion arose between Mr& Martinelli and John P& Bourcier, town solicitor, over the exact manner in which the vote is handled.
a petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town.
action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting.
at present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition.
at the last session of the General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective.
council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A& Abatuno to draft the ordinance.
he asked.
he assured Mr& Martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible.
he expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September.
he explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work.
he said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises.
he said he favors wage increases for workers-" but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze"- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices, he added.
he said he was" confessing that I was a member of the Socialist Party in 1910".
he said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission.
he said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present, but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes.
he said that when he was a Socialist in 1910, the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources.
he steered me to the right track- the free enterprise track".
he suggested that a regrouping of forces might allow the average voter a better pull at the right lever for him on election day.
he suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory, most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties.
he then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign.
increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.
indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy, Mr& Reama said:" a Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own".
it was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs.
liberals and conservatives in both parties- Democratic and Republican- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties, George H& Reama, nationally known labor-management expert, said here yesterday.
local police have hesitated to prosecute them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense.
misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed" false pretenses".
mr& Bourcier said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures.
mr& Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the scheduling of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days.
mr& Martinelli has, in recent weeks, been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote, while Mr& Bourcier said that a special election might be called instead.
mr& Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement.
mr& Reama told the Rotary Club of Providence at its luncheon at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel that about half of the people in the country want the" welfare" type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system.
mr& Reama, far from really being retired, is engaged in industrial relations counseling.
mr& Reama, who retired as vice president of the American Screw Co& in 1955 said," Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product- but neither told us how to achieve it".
nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation.
nothing that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co& plant, he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform.
now he 's gone, the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state".
several signers affixed their names, it was learned, after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system.
some of my fellow workers were grooming me for an office in the Socialist Party. the lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track.
some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday, with spokesmen for the town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter.
state aid to schools, the continuance of railroad passenger service, the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority, and making New Jersey attractive to new industry.
that, he added, was when he was" a very young man, a machinist and toolmaker by trade.
the audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes' remark.
the controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club.
the former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican" and proud to have absorbed his philosophy" while working in his adminstration.
the law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr& Martinelli happens to hold that post.
" I 'm a missionary".
" it 's ' See Joe, see Jim '", he says.
" the hand is out".
#LEADERSHIP IS HOPEFUL# The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans.
#MAYOR VISITS BUCKLEY# As usual, he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G& De Sapio, the Manhattan leader.
#MISSIONARY EXPLAINS#" I do n't work for the Government", the American said.
#OPPOSITION REPORTED# Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr& Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept& 7 Democratic primary.
#QUESTION RAISED# Interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods, means and goals.
#SCREVANE AND BEAME HAILED# The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr& Screvane, who lives in Queens, to replace Abe Stark, the incumbent, as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr& Beame, who lives in Brooklyn, to replace Mr& Gerosa as the candidate for Controller.
#THREE GROUPS TO MEET# What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958.
**h These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy, the object of which is to plunder them".
_BOSTON, JUNE 16_- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts.
_WASHINGTON, JUNE 18_- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers.
a political scientist writes of the growth of" alienated voters", who" believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt, selfish and beyond popular control.
a reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty chicanery, or worse, is the norm in Massachusetts public life.
a succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year.
about half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups, according to an official of the corps.
after his speech, reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions, published in yesterday's New York Times.
an assistant attorney general is directed to investigate.
and the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state.
apparently he believes Mr& Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle.
at the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor 's reported plan was generally favorable.
but Mr& Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr& Gerosa's successor.
but as I have said before, if I announce my candidacy, I will have something definite to say about running mates".
but there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject.
corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel," The Last Hurrah".
day after day some new episode is reported.
graft in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations.
he is publicly on record as believing Mr& De Sapio should be replaced for the good of the party.
in an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate, Mr& Wagner talked by telephone yesterday with Representative Charles A& Buckley, the Bronx Democratic leader, and with Joseph T& Sharkey, the Brooklyn Democratic leader.
in talks with Mr& Buckley last week in Washington, the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E& Gerosa, who lives in the Bronx, from this year's ticket.
in the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval, $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies.
in the House, the Southern-Republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration 's housing bill, while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill.
in the Senate, several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition.
it also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories.
it is expected to be reported out Tuesday, but this is a little uncertain.
last night the Mayor visited Mr& Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation.
mr& Delaney and Mr& O 'Neill are not willing to vote on the public-school measure until the defense education bill clears the House Education and Labor Committee.
mr& Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday.
resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R& Screvane and Abraham D& Beame as running mates.
six of these were proposed by religious groups.
some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years.
some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr& Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party.
the $6,100,000,000 measure, which was passed last Monday by the Senate, provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families.
the Democratic leadership, however, hopes to pass it sometime this week.
the Mayor said:" it did n't come from me.
the Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx.
the U& S& Government is paying for it.
the U& S& Government pays for all its overseas workers".
the education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the Rules Committee, where two Northern Democratic members who usually vote with the Administration are balking because of the religious controversy.
the housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
the panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W& Trimble, Democrat of Arkansas, who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor.
the resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders.
the state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property.
the taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are" all the same".
their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor.
there are a number of ways this could happen, the churchmen pointed out, and here is an example: last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled.
there is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics.
these contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr& Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city.
they are James J& Delaney of Queens and Thomas P& O 'Neill Jr& of Massachusetts.
they will be for teaching, agriculture and community development in Southeast Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America.
this would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science, languages and mathematics.
twelve projects proposed by private groups are at the contract-negotiation stage, Gordon Boyce, director of relations with the voluntary agencies, said in a Washington interview.
when he protested, the hotel owner said:" why do you worry?
#CONSTANT PROBLEM# In either case, it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser.
#COULD BE SCRAMBLE# Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far.
#DISTRICTS ISSUE# Legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain ) and if they start agitating.
#FUTURE CLOUDED# Barnett, as the titular head of the Democratic party, apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary.
#LEGISLATORS WEARY# Indeed, the administration's curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat.
#UNDERLYING CONCERN# Passage of the sales tax measure would also give Davis the means to effect a transition.
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure.
Barnett, who came into office with no previous experience in public administration, has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well.
Davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy.
Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961, with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House.
_BATON ROUGE, LA&_- The Gov& Jimmie H& Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961, with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses.
_JACKSON, MISS&_- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi?
a constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to economize.
actually, Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway.
and there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together.
any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations imprudently to profit themselves.
but if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off, it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature.
but if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program, a not unlikely conclusion, it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes.
but it might give way shortly to another vexing issue- that of finances in state government.
but the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation.
certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together Barnett will be able to enjoy a re-enactment of the strange but successful" honeymoon" he had in the 1960 legislative session.
city Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the Frankford Elevated repair project were rigged to the advantage of a private contracting company which had" an inside track" with the city.
consequently, it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year.
division five, by the Air Force followed by 11 states.
division four will be headed by the Navy, followed by 11 states;
division six will be headed by the Coast Guard, followed by the reserve forces of all services, five states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the trust territories and the Canal Zone.
division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states;
division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas, the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L& B& Johnson.
estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000.
even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time, no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future.
he could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle.
he could terminate special sessions of the Legislature.
if Barnett does n't call a special session in 1961, it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session.
if it fails to pass, he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration.
if the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill, or any other tax bill, it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma.
it could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year.
it is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million, since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one.
it is one that most try to avoid, as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem.
many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the so-far losing battle to block token integration.
now, the picture is clouded, and even US Sens& James O& Eastland and John C& Stennis, who remained loyal to the ticket, are uncertain of their status.
reports are that it is more than probability that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen.
since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session, the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues.
split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents, the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck.
the administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program.
the administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy, since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program.
the builtin headache of the Barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of job-seekers and others who feel they were given commitments by Barnett at some stage of his eight-year quest for the governor's office.
the effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote.
the issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat.
the new year might see some house-cleaning, either genuine or token, depending upon developments, to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms.
the odds favor a special session, more than likely early in the year.
the prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
the tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes.
the transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress, in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent.
the year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue.
then he could tell them to go home, while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period.
then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union.
there are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session, it will really throw his administration into a scramble.
they would like to convey the notion something is being done, even though it is something they know to be ineffectual.
this is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants- Gov& Ross Barnett.
this is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly.
this might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature, so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year.
this would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration- the shortage of cash.
with a Democratic administration, party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election.
with eyes focused on the third congressional district, the historic Delta district, and Congressman Frank E& Smith as the one most likely to go, the redistricting battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature.
" I 'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway", he said.
" Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster", he said.
" nobody really expects to evacuate.
" the countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build", he said.
" we must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which, if not identical, is congenial with ours", he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty.
#HOOD FLIES OVER HOUSE# The explosion sent the hood of the car flying over the roof of the house.
#IGNITION SETS OFF BLAST# The battalion chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work.
#INDIVIDUAL HELP BEST#" We have no reason to fear failure, but we must be extraordinarily patient", the assistant secretary said.
#LED FIGHT ON TEAMSTERS# Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters, which began organizing city firemen in 1959.
#PATIENCE NEEDED# Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice, he said, was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union.
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night.
Gladden's wife and two of his sons, John, 17, and Jim, 13, were inside the house.
Hatfield also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state capitol on Tuesday.
I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following.
Ierulli will replace Desmond D& Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31.
Ierulli, 29, has been practicing in Portland since November, 1959.
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans.
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country.
Martin, who has been in office in Washington, D& C&, for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel.
Vincent G& Ierulli has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney, it was announced Monday by Charles E& Raymond, District Attorney.
_ANKARA, TURKEY, OCT& 24 ( AP)_- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen& Cemal Gursel as president.
_KANSAS CITY, MO&, FEB& 9 ( UPI)_- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work.
_SALEM ( AP)_- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a greeting from Gov& Mark Hatfield.
a $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City, Kas&.
an agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct& 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d' etat.
battalion Chief Stanton M& Gladden, 42, the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union, suffered multiple fractures of both ankles.
both have been active in the association.
but there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go, and whose advice it should follow.
by leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare, he said.
by-passing the military junta which has ruled Turkey since the overthrow of Premier Adnan Menderes 17 months ago, the army general staff, led by Gen& Cedvet Sunay, had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government.
chairman C& Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem, in case of atomic attack, but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go.
dr& Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans, even for a high school where there were lots of cars" might not be realistic and would not work".
dr& Melvin W& Barnes, superintendent, said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership, perhaps on the national level, to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would" be more fruitful", and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district.
economically, Martin said, the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves.
gen& Gursel has headed the military junta the last 17 months.
he cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in, and added," so long as people rebel, we must not give up".
he is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law.
he is married and the father of three children.
he told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways, following their own paths.
he was in Baptist Memorial hospital.
helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically, E& M& Martin, assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night.
it provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project.
it was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter.
it was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done, is going to be done and what it thought should be done.
mining is secretary-treasurer of the local and Shiflett is a member of its executive committee.
mrs& Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program.
mrs& Molvar, who kept reiterating her request that they" please take a stand", said," We must have faith in somebody- on the local level, and it would n't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children".
party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own.
police laboratory technicians said the explosive device, containing either TNT or nitroglycerine, was apparently placed under the left front wheel.
private business is more effective than government aid, he explained, because individuals are able to work with the people themselves.
the Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland's civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack.
the United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country, at what he termed a" social cost".
the army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point protocol agreeing on Gen& Gursel as president.
the association said it would post 24 hour guards at Gladden's home and at those of James Mining and Eugene Shiflett.
the board members, after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs& Ralph H& Molvar, 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr&, said they thought they had already been cooperating.
the board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting.
the esplanade eliminates Grovers ave&, which on original plans ran through the center of the development.
the esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project.
the fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union.
the fire fighters association here offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the bombing.
the left front wheel landed 100 feet away.
the military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the Menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned.
the plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic.
the younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall.
" I feel good physically", Hansen added," but I think I 'll move better carrying a little less weight than I 'm carrying now".
" I think I can do a better job with the glove, now that I know the hitters around the league a little better", he said.
" but they should da brought in Tokyo, too", added Old Scrapiron.
" then we 'd really have someplace to go".
#15 POUNDS LIGHTER# The 6-foot 3 inch Hansen checked in close to 200 pounds, 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring.
#8,280 ATTEND RACES# Richard M& Forbes's Paget, which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages, tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of Glen T& Hallowell's Milties Miss. A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St& Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program.
#@# Ex-Oriole Clint Courtney, now catching for the A's is all for the American League 's 1961 expansion to the West Coast.
#@# Hansen arrived just before nightfall, two hours late, in company with Lee MacPhail;
#@#" Take a ride on this one", Brooks Robinson greeted Hansen as the Bird third sacker grabbed a bat, headed for the plate and bounced a third-inning two-run double off the left-centerfield wall tonight.
#CAREY SINGLES# Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first.
#CULMONE GETS FIRST WIN# Garden Fresh, the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered, seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St& Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve.
#DUREN, SHELDON ON HILL# Ryne Duren and Roland Sheldon, a rookie righthander who posted a 15-1 record last year for the Yanks' Auburn ( N&Y& ) farm club of the Class- D New York-Pennsylvania League, are the probable rival pitchers.
#HARTMAN IMPRESSIVE# Bill Kunkel, Bob Hartman and Ed Keegan did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium.
#LUMPE ERRS# Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off Kunkel's glove and beat it out for a single, and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman Throneberry's head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error.
#ROBINSON DOUBLES AGAIN# In the ninth, Robinson led off with his second double of the night, a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left.
#SEEKS" IMPROVED FIELDING"# The rangy, Albany ( Cal& ) native, a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz, set" improved fielding" as his 1961 goal.
#SQUAD CUT NEAR# Pitcher Steve Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army 's accelerated wintertime military course, also at Fort Knox, Ky&.
Baltimore's bulky spring-training contingent now gradually will be reduced as Manager Paul Richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit.
Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees.
Hansen, who slugged the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a .255 freshman average, completes the Birds' spring squad at 49 players.
Hartman, purchased by the A 's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall, allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance, and merited the triumph.
Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally.
John Powell, batting for Adair, fanned after fouling off two 2-and-2 pitches, and Buddy Barker, up for Stepanovich, bounced out sharply to Jerry Lumpe at second to end the 2-hour-and-27-minute contest.
Keegan, a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder, gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames, escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally.
Kerr, who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3, wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards.
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race.
Mills was timed in 1.10.4.
Pete Ward was sent in for House and, after failing in a bunt attempt, popped to Howser on the grass back of short.
Ralph Houk, successor to Casey Stengel at the Yankee helm, plans to bring the entire New York squad here from St& Petersburg, including Joe Dimaggio and large crowds are anticipated for both weekend games.
Whitey Herzog, performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring, worked Keegan for a base on balls.
_BOWIE, MD&, MARCH 17_- Gaining her second straight victory, Norman B&, Small, Jr&'s Garden Fresh, a 3-year-old filly, downed promising colts in the $4,500 St& Patrick's Day Purse, featured seventh race here today, and paid $7.20 straight.
_CLEVELAND, MARCH 17 ( AP)_- George Kerr, the swift-striding Jamaican, set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight, beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1.
_MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH 17_- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training.
both were under the meet mark of 1.10.8 set in 1950 by Mal Whitfield.
breeding to Adair to Gentile, setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center.
he hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence.
if the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days, it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees, who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon.
it was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
it was the first of two doubles by Robinson, who was in a mood to celebrate.
j& A& W& Iglehart, chairman of the Oriole board of directors, and Public Relations Director Jack Dunn.
just before game time, Robinson 's pretty wife, Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer.
mrs& Grace Butcher, of nearby Chardon, a 27-year-old housewife who has two children, finished in 2.21.6.
prior to the featured race, the stewards announced that apprentice James P& Verrone is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday.
she was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event.
skinny Brown and Hoyt Wilhelm, the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists, are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow 's 8 P&M& contest.
the 22-year-old southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did Hansen.
the Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off Kunkel before Hartman took over in the top of the fourth.
the Flock added a pair of tallies in the third on three straight hits after two were out.
the Orioles got a run in the first inning when Breeding, along with Robinson, the two Birds who got a pair of hits, doubled to right center, moved to third on Russ Snyder's single to right and crossed on Kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate.
the big, 22-year-old shortstop, the 1960 American league" rookie-of-the year", flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore, signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at tonight 's 5-to-3 loss to Kansas City- the winless Birds' sixth setback in a row.
the crowd at the twenty-first annual K& of C& Games, final indoor meet of the season, got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender, bespectacled woman broke the one-week-old world record in the half-mile run.
the detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this: Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face Hyde and romped around as Siebern blasted Hyde's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center.
the famed Yankee Clipper, now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach.
their flight was delayed, Dunn said, when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane.
then Kerr, a graduate student from Illinois, moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn.
then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners.
then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play.
then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce.
three were doubles, Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one.
toying with her field in the early stages, Garden Fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by Jockey Philip Grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs.
twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker, 22, are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers' Art Ditmar in Sunday 's 2 P&M& encounter.
unfortunately, Brooks' teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers.
when Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple, he was cut down in a close play at third, Tuttle to Andy Carey.
when he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox, Ky&, Hansen's weight had dropped to 180-" too light for me to be at my best" he said.
" Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way".
" he 'll be out of action all this week.
" he 's looking a lot better, and he 's able to run", Meek explained.
" in fact our whole defensive unit did a good job".
" just our luck"!
" our interior line and out linebackers played exceptionally well", said Stram Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game.
" that permitted us to start controlling the ball right away", said Stram, quipping," I think I 'll put that play in the book".
" they can be going along, doing little damage, then bang, bang- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble".
" we 'll let him do a lot of running this week, but I do n't know if he 'll be able to play".
" we 'll work hard Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday", Meek said," and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday.
" we always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack", explained Stram.
#BINGLES AND BOBBLES:# { Cliff Cook } accounted for three of the Tribe 's eight hits **h It was the season's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order **h The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark **h { Mary Dobbs Tuttle } was back at the organ **h Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer, { Patti Waggin } who is Mrs& Don Rudolph when off the stage.
#HUDDLE HEARSAY#- Held out of { Texas Tech's } sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle { Richard Stafford }, who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A + M **h Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday, { Baylor } worked out in the rain Monday- mud or no mud **h End { Gene Raesz }, who broke a hand in the Owl's game with LSU, was back working out with { Rice } Monday, and { John Nichols }, sophomore guard, moved back into action after a week's idleness with an ankle injury **h The { Texas Aggies } got a day off Monday- a special gift from Coach Jim Myers for its conference victory last Saturday night, but Myers announced that halfback { George Hargett }, shaken up in the Tech game, would not play against Trinity Saturday **h Halfback { Bud Priddy }, slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle, joined { TCU's } workout Monday.
**h { Lefty Wyman Carey }, another Denver rookie, will be on the mound against veteran { John Tsitouris } at 8 o'clock Tuesday night **h { Ed Donnelly } is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn.
Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left.
Arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing ( on 5 completions in 7 tosses ) and a tough defense to whip TCU, and A + M, with a 38-point bulge against Texas Tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950.
Buffalo coach Buster Ramsey, who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of quarterbacks, apparently now has found a productive pair in two ex-National Football Leaguers, M& C& Reynolds and Warren Rabb.
Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base.
Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against Lefty Don Rudolph to open the Bear's attack.
Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth.
Jay Porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but Don Wert's smash was knocked down by Rudolph for the putout.
Rabb, the former Louisiana State field general, came off the bench for his debut with the Bills Sunday and directed his new team to a 22-12 upset victory over the Houston Oilers, defending league champions.
Ramsey has a thing or two to mutter about himself, for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver, and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous Broncs without the fullbacking of a top star, Jack Spikes, though he did the team's place-kicking while nursing a knee injury.
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday, Oct& 21.
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages, 355 yards, and passing 149 ( to Baylor 's 126 ), but idle Baylor has the best defensive record ( 187.5 yards per game to Texas' 189 ).
Texas' 545-yard spree against Washington State gave the Longhorns a 3-game total offense of 1,512 yards ( 1,065 rushing and 447 passing ) a new SWC high.
Turk Lown was tagged with the loss, his second against no victories, while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss.
_DALLAS, TEX&, MAY 1- ( AP)_- Kenny Lane of Muskegon, Mich&, world's seventh ranked lightweight, had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over Rip Randall of Tyler, Tex&, here Monday night.
_ST& PAUL-MINNEAPOLIS, MAY 1- ( AP)_- { Billy Gardner's line double, which just eluded the diving Minnie Minoso in left field, drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a 6-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox Monday }.
a + M has the best defense against passes, 34.7 yards per game.
a quick touchdown resulted.
after Al Paschal gruonded out, Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe.
chuck Hinton tripled to the rightfield corner, Cliff Cook and Dan Pavletich singled and Gaines' infielder roller accounted for the tallies }.
completing 12 of 15 passes for 174 yards, the Aggies had a total offense of 361 yards.
despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48, thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play.
exclaimed Stram.
he came all the way around on Gardner 's hit before 5777 fans.
he got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game.
he has given only the one pass in his 27 innings, an unusual characteristic for a southpaw }.
he was called upon 26 times- more than all of the other ball-carriers combined- and delivered 145 yards.
it was Gardner's second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year.
it was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight.
lemon was on with his fourth single of the game, a liner to center.
not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use, the major leagues have ordered their own tests, which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
rice has not played since injuring a knee in the opener with Maryland.
the Bears added their last run in the sixth on Alusik's double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert.
the Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner, Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove.
the Bears took the lead in the first inning, as they did in Sunday's opener, and never lagged.
the Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans, but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off.
the Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos- but their visit will be a short one.
the Texans have two more road games- at Buffalo and Houston- before they play for the home folks again, and it looks as if coach Hank Stram's men will meet the Bills just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in pre-season reckonings.
the Texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening kickoff when Denver's Al Carmichael was jarred loose from the ball when Dave Grayson, the speedy halfback, hit him and Guard Al Reynolds claimed it for Dallas.
the Texans won the game through ball control, with Quarterback Cotton Davidson throwing only 17 passes.
the Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left.
the early Southwest Conference football leaders- Texas, Arkansas and Texas A + M- made a big dent in the statistics last week.
the game players saw the Air Force film Monday, ran for 30 minutes, then went in, while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes.
the husky 6-3, 205-pound lefthander, was in command all the way before an on-the-scene audience of only 949 and countless of television viewers in the Denver area.
the principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes, the flashy halfback.
there is definitely some ligament damage in his knee".
they now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack.
we 'll work out about an hour on Saturday, then we 'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week, then taper off".
{ Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning.
{ Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth.
{ rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis, 5-3 }.
#@# All was quiet in the office of the Yankees and the local National Leaguers yesterday.
#CHOICE WAS EXPECTED# The selection had been expected.
#COACH PLAYED 3 YEARS# Skorich, who is 39 years old, played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
#FLUSHING STADIUM IN WORKS# The New York franchise is headed by Mrs& Charles Shipman Payson.
#SHOW FOLLOWS CEREMONIES# A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies, which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit, dance and song.
Arnold Palmer and Sam Snead will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association tonight.
Deane Beman, the National Amateur champion, and all the metropolitan district champions, including Bob Gardner, the amateur title-holder, also will receive awards.
Frank Graham, the Journal-American sports columnist;
Gauer works with the ends.
Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J& Slocum Memorial Award.
Kathy, 15, and Patricia, 9, round out the Shea family.
Maris is in line for a big raise.
Mazeroski, whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game, will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series.
Palmer, golf 's leading money-winner in 1960, and Snead will be saluted as the winning team in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin.
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player.
Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players, coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football.
Shea and his wife, Nori, make their home at Sands Point, L& I&.
Shea was born in Manhattan.
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
Shea, the chairman of Mayor Wagner's Baseball Committee, will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn, the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves;
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today.
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year.
Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave Norm Van Brocklin permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings, the newest National Football League entry.
Skorich, however, is a strong advocate of a balanced attack- split between running and passing.
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
Van Brocklin, the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title, was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday.
Williams is a defensive coach.
_PHILADELPHIA, JAN& 23_- Nick Skorich, the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles, was elevated today to head coach.
a big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works, and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C& Frick.
an injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season.
at a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth, the Eagles were honored for winning the championship.
bill Jr&, 20;
bill Mazeroski, the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates, and Casey Stengel, the former manager of the Yankees.
despite countless barriers and disappointments, Shea moved forward.
four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay Packers.
he attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington.
he began his coaching career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949.
he played basketball there while working toward a law degree.
he remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N& Y&.
he succeeds Buck Shaw, who retired at the end of last season.
he was the lawyer for Ted Collins' old Boston Yankees in the National Football League.
he was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach.
his goal was to obtain a National League team for this city.
in the fifth, Wally Post slashed a 2-run homer off Bud Daley, but by that time the score was 11-5 and it really did n't matter.
in the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials.
in the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center, about 400 feet away, with two men on.
later, Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians, a minor league professional football team.
momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game, trailing only 6-3, but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out.
named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A& Farley, Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume, Shea worked relentlessly.
on Friday, Roger Maris, the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award, will meet with Roy Hamey, the general manager.
only Bucky Harris, the" boy-manager" of Washington in 1924, and Eddie Dyer of the St& Louis Cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat.
the 53-year-old Shea, a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background, is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York.
the Continental League never got off the ground, but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand.
the Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
the Yankee triumph made Ralph Houk only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager.
the appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer.
the departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees.
the dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
the writers' Gold Tee Award will go to John McAuliffe of Plainfield, N& J&, and Palm Beach, Fla&, for his sponsorship of charity tournaments.
to Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year.
when he was unable to bring about immediate expansion, he sought to convince another National League club to move here.
when that failed, he enlisted Branch Rickey's aid in the formation of a third major league, the Continental, with New York as the key franchise.
with Skorich at the helm, the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running, rather than passing.
with the announcement of a" special achievement award" to William A& ( Bill ) Shea, the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's thirty-eighth annual dinner and show of the New York Chapter, Baseball Writers' Association of America, at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
" I have to stay with Nieman for a while", Hemus said.
" Lindy McDaniel threw batting practice about 25 minutes, and he looked good", Hemus said.
" Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat", Mauch said here the other day.
" Virdon has been blasting the ball.
" bill White ( sore ankles ) should be ready.
" he should be getting back in the groove before long.
" several times I found the players pepping me up, where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk.
" the Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year.
" we 're getting Friend some runs for a change, and he has been pitching good", Murtaugh said.
" you often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing", Benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies," but what this team had was a little different.
#CHANGE IN PITCHERS.# Solly Hemus announced a switch in his starting pitcher, from Bob Gibson to Ernie Broglio, for several reasons: 1.
#NIEMAN KEPT IN LINEUP.# After a lengthy workout yesterday, an open date, Hemus said that Bob Nieman definitely would stay in the lineup.
#SIX BUCKS OVER .300.# Until the Bucs' bats quieted down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend, the champions had eight men hitting over .300.
#SIX BUCS OVER .300.# The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year, when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season.
2.
3.
Benington recalled that he once told Hartweger that he doubted Gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills.
Benington said," I 've never seen a player have a game as great as Mankowski did against Bradley that day".
Boyer is suffering from a stiff neck.
Broglio 's 4-0 won-lost record and 1.24 earned-run mark against Pittsburgh a year ago;
Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds, despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960.
Harvey Haddix, set back by the flu this season, will start against his former Cardinal mates, who might be playing without captain Kenny Boyer in tonight's game at Busch Stadium.
Kieffer, the only junior in the group, was commended for his ability to hit in the clutch, as well as his all-round excellent play.
Mankowski, the ball-hawking defensive expert, was cited for his performance against Bradley in St& Louis U& 's nationally televised victory.
Mizell has won both of his starts.
a year later they were 4-13.
after Thursday's open date, Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night.
after the coach listed all the boy's faults, Hartweger said," Coach before I leave here, you 'll get to like me".
bill Mazeroski with .179 and Hal Smith with .143 were the only Pirates dragging their feet.
despite the recession, Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages: smoky Burgess .455, Gino Cimoli .389, Bill Virdon .340, Bob Clemente and Dick Groat, each .323, Dick Stuart .306, Don Hoak .280 and Bob Skinner .267.
friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but is n't likely to see action here this week.
if the Cardinals heed Manager Gene Mauch of the Phillies, they will n't be misled by the Pirates' slower start this season.
in 1958, the Birds were 3-10 on May 1.
in addition, a special award was given to Bob ( Bevo ) Nordmann, the 6-foot-10 center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury.
manager Hemus, eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand, moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment.
mrs& Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team.
nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates.
no plunkers for him".
on last May 1, the Cardinals stood at 7-6, ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone.
our pitching is much better than it has shown".
perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend, who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs.
pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he had n't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game.
since 1949, the St& Louis club has been below .500 on May 1 just four times.
since 1949, the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the ' 55 Dodger team.
speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St& Louis University players who, in the words of Coach John Benington," had more confidence in themselves than I did".
that means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants.
the ' 49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning, then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories.
the ' 52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs, the club's top since 1949.
the Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9.
the Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday.
the boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
the club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York 's ' 51 Giants, who dropped 11 of their first 13.
the desire to give Broglio as many starts as possible;
the most valuable player award was split three ways, among Glen Mankowski, Gordon Hartweger and Tom Kieffer.
the statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice, but Murtaugh also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday.
the trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by Bob Broeg, sports editor of the Post-Dispatch.
then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories.
they have the same men, no age problem, no injuries and they also have Vinegar Bend Mizell for the full season, along with Bobby Shantz".
they honored the battling Billikens last night.
they knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do.
those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8.
tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals, who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960, breaking even with them, will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions.
we 'd be losing at halftime to a good team and Hartweger would say, ' Do n't worry, Coach- we 'll get 'em all right '".
with a lefthander going for Pittsburgh, I may use Don Taussig in center".
" for instance, Djakarta, Indonesia, has three groups of dancers interested in coming here.
" we [ the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry ] expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities, and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts", explains Mrs& Geraghty.
## { Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby, Marty Melcher, drive in today from a motor tour thru New England.
## { The Living Room has another scoop: Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there, opening Jan& 22.
#BURKE-ROSTAGNO# The Richard S& Burkes' home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter, Helen Lambert, and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college.
#FIRST, HONOLULU# Honolulu will be Mrs& Geraghty's first stop.
#HERE AND THERE# A farewell supper Mr& and Mrs& Charles H& Sethness Jr& planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs& Giacomo Profili has been canceled because Mr& Sethness is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery.
#HERE AND THERE# The Chicago Press club will fete George E& Barnes, president of the United States Lawn Tennis association, at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p& m& tomorrow.
**h Charley Simonelli, top Universal-International film studio exec, makes an honest man out of this column.
**h Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec& 18, because that 's the only time his heart, Lucille Ball, can come along.
**h Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation.
**h Johnny Ray, at the same L& R&, has something to cry about.
**h Olivia De Havilland signed to do a Broadway play for Garson Kanin this season," A Gift of Time".
**h Pretty Sunny Ainsworth, the ex-Mrs& Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs& Bud Arvey, joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated, as a promotional copy writer.
**h Whee the People: lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby, Ray Lenobel's fur firm here.
**h You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights.
@ ## GEORGE SIMON, exec director of Danny Thomas A& L& S& A& C& [ Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ] fund raising group, filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St& Jude hospital in Memphis.
Harvey B& Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage.
I 'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus"!
LYON AROUND: columnist Walter Winchell, well and rat-a-tat-tatty again, wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix, Ariz&, rancho, portable typewriter in hand.
Miss Abra Prentice's debut supper dance in the Casino will wind up the day.
Miss Burke will arrive in December also.
Miss Burke, a graduate of Miss Hall's school, stayed on in Florence as a career girl.
Molly already has her cotillion gown, and it 's fitted, says her mother.
WITH loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St& Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears, its director, Helen Tieken Geraghty [ Mrs& Maurice P& Geraghty ] is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair.
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve, and Johnny can barely walk.
also, invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec& 29 in the Arts club.
and watch for a headline from this pair any time now.
armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries, especially those in the near and far east, Mrs& Geraghty" will beat the bushes for oriental talent".
as we bulletin 'd way back, he 'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci, of the Golf Mag staff, in N& Y& C& today.
d& D& will pop up with U- I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors.
dec& 22 is the deadline for Mrs& Geraghty's return;
everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors, when and if.
fur goodness sake!
handsome bachelor Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood's glamor gals for years }.
he 's been warbling in severe pain;
he is Aldo Rostagno, son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe.
he will be coming here on business in December, when the wedding is to take place in Wayne.
her fiance, who is with a publishing firm, translates many books from English into Italian.
however, Mr& Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip, and will stay in the John G& Beadles' beach house.
if W& W& 's retiring soon, as hinted, he ai n't talking- yet.
in honor of the Wackers' new baby.
it 's one of our town's worthiest charities.
it will n't be a" tea", however, but more of an international folk song festival, with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world.
it' ll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris' new one," Lover Come Back", and" Flower Drum Song".
la Russell's run in" Skylark", debuting next week at Drury Lane, already is a sellout.
later, a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack Kramer's professional tennis matches at 8 p& m&.
mr& and Mrs& Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts, the Rush C& Butlers, the Homer E& Robertsons, and the David Q& Porters, will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses' home.
mrs& William Odell, Mrs& Clinton B& King, John Holabird Jr&, Norman Boothby, and Actress Maureen O 'Sullivan will judge the costumes in the grand march at the Affaire Old Towne Bal Masque tomorrow in the Germania club.
she 'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
she 's a whiz.
so, if anybody solicits by phone, make sure you mail the dough to the above.
the Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest.
the Burkes, who now live in Kankakee, are telling friends of the engagement.
the Geraghtys' youngest daughter, Molly, bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night.
the international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the Byron Harveys will give in the Racquet club after the tea.
the last obstacle in Mrs& Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she had n't been able to obtain a visa.
the only current event they' re staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov& 25, when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids.
the party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town.
then Japan, Hong Kong, Manila, India, Pakistan, Damascus, Beirut, and to Rome, London, and Paris" to look over wonderful talent".
there is no such thing as an" emergency telephone building fund drive".
typical touch: she sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau, Jana Mason, also an ex-singer.
you can mail contribs to Danny Thomas, Post Office Box 7599, Chicago.
} @ ## EMCEE Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is," Knight Must Fall"!
" a Night in New Orleans" is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club.
" new Orleans"?
#ALL FOR $14!# At the Boxwood Motel in Winchester, Va&, we accidentally drew the honeymoon suite, an elegant affair with wall-to-wall carpeting, gold and white furniture, pink satin brocade chairs, 24-inch TV and a pink tile bath with masses of pink towels.
#BASIN STREET BEAT# But she does indicate festivities will start early, that a jazz combo will" give with the Basin Street beat" during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing.
#MANY WITH POOLS# Innumerable motels from Tucson to New York boast swimming pools (" swim at your own risk" is the hospitable sign poised at the brink of most pools ).
Cecil Mason of Hartford, Conn&, was best man for his brother, and groomsmen were Rhodes S& Baker 3, of Houston, Dr& James Carter of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans, La&.
Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene, such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent, far-flung over-night accommodations.
Lee Jackson and Ken Smith, both of Houston, and Alfred Neumann of Beaumont seated guests.
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister's maid or honor, and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man.
Miss Joan Frances Baker, a graduate of SMU, was married Saturday to Elvis Leonard Mason, an honor graduate of Lamar State College of Technology, in the chapel of the First Presbyterian Church of Houston.
Miss Mary Ross of Baird was maid of honor, and bridesmaids were Miss Pat Dawson of Austin, Mrs& Howard M& Dean of Hinsdale, Ill&, and Mrs& James A& Reeder of Shreveport, La&.
Miss Shirley Joan Meredith, a former student of North Texas State University, was married Saturday to Larry W& Mills, who has attended Arlington State College.
Oxnard, Calif&, will be the home of the Rev& Robert D& Howard and his bride, the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay, who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr& seated guests.
a reception was held at the church.
after a reception at The Mayfair, the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans, La&.
ah, that is simple.
all for $14.
and where is" home", that magic place of the heart?
as for food, Mrs& Henry Louchheim, chairman of this phase, is a globetrotter who knows good food.
but the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar.
but we can n't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later".
by July 1, six weeks from now, motel-keepers all over the nation will, by 6 p&m&, be switching on that bleak- to motorists- sign," No Vacancy".
by mid-June, millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land.
dr& W& B& I& Martin officiated, and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
he is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology, SMU.
her husband, who is the son of Alton John Mason of Shreveport, La&, and the late Mrs& Henry Cater Parmer, was president of Alpha Tau Omega and a member of Delta Sigma Pi at Lamar Tech, and did graduate work at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa, on a Rotary Fellowship.
her veil was caught to a crown, and she carried gardenias and stephanotis.
her veil was caught to a pearl headdress, and she carried stephanotis and orchids.
home is where a man was born, reared, went to school and, most particularly, where grandma is.
honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V& McRoberts.
in another four weeks, with schools closed across the nation, the great all-American summer safari will be under way.
maybe motel-keeping is n't the nation's biggest industry, but it certainly looks that way from the highway.
motorists like myself who can remember the old" tourists accommodated" signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2, can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business.
mrs& H& J& Grinsfelder is chairman.
mrs& Marr also has a number of parolees to" mother", watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society.
my husband and I, a month ahead of the rush, have just finished a 7-day motor journey of 2809 miles from Tucson, Ariz&, to New York City: #SET FOR INFLUX# I can testify that motels, service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ), dog wagons, roadside restaurants, souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting.
no matter how many Americans go abroad in summer, probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car, throw suitcases, kids and comic books in the back seat, and head for home.
parents of the bride are Mr& and Mrs& Ferris M& Gay, 7034 Coronado.
parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs& Meredith and Mrs& Hardy P& Mills of Floresville and the late Mr& Mills.
she wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques.
she wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline.
some even boast two pools, one for adults and one for children.
that is where we turn in the good old summertime.
that made up for the" best" motel in Norman, Okla&, where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture.
the First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr&, who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans, La& The bride, daughter of Mr& and Mrs& Charles Ervin Glison of Pampa, has attended Texas Woman's University and will continue her studies at SMU.
the Louisiana city is known, of course, for its fine food, good music and its colorful hospitality" and, when guests arrive at Philmont that night", says Mrs& Grinsfelder," that is exactly what we expect to offer them.
the Rev& Melvin Carter officiated at the ceremony in Slaughter Chapel of the First Baptist Church.
the Rev& Richard Freeman of Texas City officiated and Charles Pabor and Mrs& Marvin Hand presented music.
the bride was given in marriage by her father.
the bride, daughter of Rhodes Semmes Baker Jr& of Houston and the late Mrs& Baker, was president of Kappa Kappa Gamma and a member of Mortar Board at SMU.
the bridegroom is the son of Mrs& James Baines of Los Angeles, Calif&, and Carl E& Howard of Santa Monica, Calif&.
the couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park, Calif&.
the land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
the prospects look great.
the women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition.
there are even motels for local weather peculiarities, as I discovered in Shamrock, Tex&.
there are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
there the Royal Motel advertises" all facilities, vented heat, air conditioned, carpeted, free TV, storm cellar".
they will live at 2705 Fitzhugh after a wedding trip to Corpus Christi.
they will live in Corpus Christi.
we 've been working for weeks.
we are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
" I hate to have these things come up again and again", Dr& Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion.
" these are the board's minutes.
#BOY IN FAIR CONDITION# The boy received second-degree burns of the face, neck and back.
#CITES DISCREPANCIES# Mrs& Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr& Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval.
#SALARY CUT AND LAY-OFFS# It will be accomplished in two ways: _1._ A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers, supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions.
@ Another debutante, Miss Virginia Richmond, will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs& John Dane, will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel.
@ Debutante Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs& Edwin Socola of Waveland, Miss&.
@ Miss Katherine Vickery, who attends Sweet Briar college in Virginia, will rejoin her father, Dr& Eugene Vickery, at the family home in Richmond pl& Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities.
@ Mr& and Mrs& Richard B& McConnell and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr& and Mrs& Raymond B& Walker will be hosts this Tuesday evening at dinner at the State st& home of the Walkers honoring Mrs& McConnell's debutante niece, Miss Barbara Williams.
@ Their Majesties, The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus, have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus.
@ When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball, Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities, presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne, Eleanor Eustis, Lynn Chapman, Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville, Miss& and Helene Rowley.
DR& AND MRS& Richard Peter Vieth announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Susan Ann Vieth, to Mr& Conrad Wall 3,, son of Dr& Conrad Wall 2,, and Mrs& Nell Kennedy Wall.
Howard E& Simpson, the railroad's president, said," A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action".
I 'll write what you tell me to".
Miss Vieth was graduated from the Louise S& McGehee school and is attending Wellesley college in Wellesley, Mass&.
_2._ Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense.
_ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7_- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what.
a baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home.
a thug struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after robbing him of $18 at Franklin and Mount streets.
cmdr& Warren Taylor, USN&, and Mrs& Taylor, of E& Greenwich, R& I&, will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents, Mr& and Mrs& John B& Walbridge, of Drexel Hill.
doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side.
dr& Jenkins notes, however, that most of the school boards in the State do not do so.
for a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago.
he said the assailant, who was armed with a .45-caliber automatic, entered the taxi at Pennsylvania avenue and Gold street.
he was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance.
her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward.
his condition was reported to be fair.
his condition was said to be," fair".
his sister and brother, Marie Louise, 3, and John Raymond, Jr& 22 months, were admitted to the hospital.
in another attack, Samuel Verstandig, 41, proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken street, told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him.
it was about that time, a board member said later, that Dr& Thomas G& Pullen, Jr&, State superintendent of schools, told Dr& Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him.
mr& Wall is a student at Tulane university, where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
mr& and Mrs& L& DeForest Emmert, formerly of Drexel Hill, and now of Newtown Square, are entertaining Mr& and Mrs& Ashman E& Emmert, of Temple, Pa&.
mr& and Mrs& Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda.
mrs& Clayton Nairne, whose daughter, was among the court maids, chose a deep greenish blue lace gown.
mrs& Eustis Reily's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads.
mrs& Fenwick Eustis, whose daughter was also a maid to the queen, wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown.
mrs& H& E& Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday.
mrs& Peter Feringa Jr&, last year's Achaeans' queen, chose an eggshell white filmy lace short dress made with a wide decolletage trimmed with an edging of tulle.
mrs& Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers.
mrs& William H& Merner, of Drexel Park, entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday.
police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt street.
police said the children's mother, Mrs& Eleanor Somerville, was visiting next door when the fire occurred.
she will entertain at a Vieux Carre restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon.
since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract, it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough, a B&+O& spokesman said.
state Senator Joseph A& Bertorelli ( D&, First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt street.
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12.01 A&M& next Saturday.
the Board of County Commissioners, the Sanitary Commission, the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings.
the current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000.
the disagreement was over what Dr& Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting.
the driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money.
the girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body.
the house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park, at Jones Station, police said.
the large municipal hall was ablaze with color, which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the" maskers' dances".
the marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
the mother of young queen, Mrs& G& Henry Pierson Jr& chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back.
the proposal was made by Dr& David S& Jenkins after he and Mrs& D& Ellwood Williams, Jr&, a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent, argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting.
the reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B& + O& operates.
the spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job.
the victim Darnell Somerville, Negro, 1, was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis.
the victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit.
the victim, Norman B& Wiley, 38, of the 900 block North Charles street, was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery.
there are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class.
those union members kept on their jobs, therefore, will not take a cut in their wages.
" her basic hull form [ a teardrop ] and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines, including the potent Polaris missile submarines", the statement went on.
" in the same five year period that the United States says they [ the detectives ] were engaged in this conspiracy", Sokol continued," these three young men received a total of 26 creditable mentions and many special compensations, and were nominated for the Lambert Tree award and the mayor's medal".
" this is Russian money", said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general's office.
# 'HAD TO KNOW PEDDLERS '#" When they became members of the city police narcotics unit", Sokol said," they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket.
#"OF HIGHEST VALUE"# The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought, and thereby of the American undersea fleet, were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier.
#COURT CLEARED# Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring, watched for six months, was broken remained untold.
#FLASHED TO MOSCOW# A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger, bookseller, and wife, Joyce.
#INTERESTED IN DETECTOR# The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC, the underwater equipment for detecting submarines, it was testified.
#NAVY' S FUTURE INVOLVED#" Much of the navy's future depends upon her", an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August, 1959, for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station.
#NO COMMENTS BY U&S&# In opening, D& Arthur Connelly, assistant United States attorney, read the indictment, but made no comments.
#REFUSES TO GRANT BAIL#" I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them", said the magistrate, K&J&P& Baraclough.
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed.
Buaford Robinson, 23, of 7026 Stewart av&, a CTA bus driver, was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st street and South Park way.
Cooperman and Teller are accused of selling $4,700 worth of heroin to a convicted narcotics peddler, Otis Sears, 45, of 6934 Indiana av&.
Fuchs, after nine and a half years, was released, being given time off for good behavior.
Robinson told Policemen James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High school, 30th street and South Park way, and began" skylarking".
Robinson was treated at a physician's office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible sprained knee.
[ < In Washington, the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and Lola Cohen, an American couple formerly of New York City >.
] in their suburban cottage the crown charges, the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man, usually on the first Saturday evening of each month, and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow, either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books.
all five pleaded innocent.
almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater fleet.
altho federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together, Sokol continued, rivalries developed when they were" aiming at the same criminals".
among other acts, Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to Sears.
attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients' guilt.
but court adjourned after he testified he introduced James White and Jeremiah Hope Pullings, two of the defendants, and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy, a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted.
but just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare, Capt& George Symonds.
designs of parts were sought.
each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing, a printed page, or a manuscript.
fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five, who may have altered history in the 1960s.
he asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow, Lonsdale the Red paymaster, and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets.
he promptly went to communist East Germany.
he said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon, Jan& 7.
her young British lawyer, James Dunlop, pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her widowed mother, 80, her maiden aunt, also 80 and bedridden for 20 years, and her uncle, 76, who once ran a candy shop.
his losses included his money bag, containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck.
in his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men, Bernard H& Sokol, attorney for the detectives, said that evidence would show that his clients were" entirely innocent".
it could, reputedly, go 70,000 miles without refueling and stay down more than a month.
it was first tried out on a conventional submarine, the Albacore, in 1954.
it was of the hunter-killer type, designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advance gear and destroy them with torpedoes.
it was there that the two accused civil servants were at work.
oddly, the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested.
only Miss Gee asked for bail.
range was a vital detail.
reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
six radiomen told how, twice on two days after the ring was nabbed, a transmitter near Moscow was heard calling, using signals, times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in Lonsdale's apartment and the Krogers' house and also fastened to the transmitter lid.
so in the name of justice the magistrate cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour.
the British defending lawyers, who today increased from three to four, demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury, the chances of their clients would improve.
the Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built.
the Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub, much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it.
the United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack.
the atom reactor, water cooled, was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp&.
the charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives" is the product of rumor, combined with malice, and individual enmity" on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court.
the first witness, Moses Winston Mardis, 5835 Michigan av&, a real estate agent and former bail bondsman, took the stand after opening statements had been made.
the hull was also a result of almost a decade of work.
the information, he said, would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy.
the magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency, mostly $20 bills, and in British government bonds and stocks.
the navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee's purse would, if completed and handed back, have given the Kremlin a complete picture" of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future".
the three- Miles J& Cooperman, Sheldon Teller, and Richard Austin- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws.
the trial will be held, probably the first week of March, in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs, the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s, was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
they, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers".
this, he added, brought about" petty jealousies" and" petty personal grievances".
thru development, the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size, and also in complexity, allowing a single propeller to be used, the navy said.
when 51st street was reached, Robinson related, he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor.
when arrested, he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping, it was testified.
with the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
" Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race", board chairman Henry L& Bowden stated.
" Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning, of true university grade, and meet its financial obligations, without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions", the statement said.
" as a private institution, supported by generous individuals, Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education.
" from its beginning", the trustees' statement said Friday," Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning.
" there is not now, nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race, color or creed.
#ARMS PLOT CHARGED# The broadcast said Anderson, a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman, and McNair, of Miami, were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels.
#CORPORATE EXISTENCE#" On the other hand, Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia.
#GETS CAR NUMBER# Kimmell ordered the driver to back up, watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly" took off at high speed", he said, narrowly missing him.
#GIVEN 15 DAYS# He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T& Murphy, who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction.
#HEAVY SUPPORT# The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched, heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam.
#HELP ASKED# In Vientiane, the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its" friends and neighbors" for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom.
#PLEA FOR ARMS# The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister Tiao Sopsaisana.
#REPORT OTHERS HELD# At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup.
#URGED IN 1954# The student newspaper, The Emory Wheel, as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation.
**h" When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities, Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race, color or creed, continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education".
Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it disbanded since the start of Fidel Castro's regime.
Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami.
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire.
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home.
Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible.
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church.
I 'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them".
I was n't sure there were such people anywhere in the world.
Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk.
McNair, 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar del Rio, about 35 miles from Havana.
_HAVANA, APRIL 19._- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as Castro military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators.
a 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5, he said.
a Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair.
a note making the request was handed to U&S& Ambassador Winthrop G& Brown.
a young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street, NE, police said.
among them were a number of newsmen, including Henry Raymont, of United Press International, and Robert Berrellez, of Associated Press.
an Emory spokesman indicated, however, that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws.
an alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist.
at least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies, but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state.
but an official statement adopted by the 33-man Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes.
commandeering a passing car, Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle, but lost it in traffic.
he declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens.
he indicated that requests would be made for more U&S& arms and more U&S& military advisers.
he said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened, sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire.
in the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
insofar as its own governing documents are concerned, Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students, and others seeking applications from prospective students, and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university, irrespective of race, color or creed.
m& Kegham- the name is a pseudynom- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF)- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945.
more than 1,000 were said to have been arrested- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests.
of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state, few emerge in the West to tell about it.
one of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body.
patrolman G& E& Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole.
patrolman George Kimmell, of McClellan Station, said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk, 9230 Vernor east, a third grader at the Scripps School, for his assistance in the case.
returning to the school crossing, the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver, a neighbor, and had obtained the license number.
so many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails.
some church leaders, both clerical and lay, have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation.
teaching, research and study, according to highest standards, under Christian influence, are paramount in the Emory University policy.
the Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and" stand-ins" if negotiations failed.
the Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if, among other criteria," all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people, and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people".
the dead youth was identified as Robert E& Sims, 19, of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir&, SE.
the executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar del Rio, where the executions took place.
the jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June.
the long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today.
the minister, describing the attacks which led up to the appeal, said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front- near Thakhek, in southern-central Laos.
the motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees, 17, of 2433 McClellan, currently on probation and under court order not to drive.
the other occupants were James Willard Olvey, 18, of 963 Ponce de Leon Ave&, NE, and Larry Coleman Barnett, 19, of 704 Hill St&, SE, both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises.
the statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation.
the statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law, tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated.
there was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources.
today, M& Kegham was in Detroit, en route to join his wife and children in California.
" I rather resent", she said," you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this.
" do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract"?
" my feeling at the moment", he said," is that we have no alternative, irrespective of some of the arguments about him.
#BOARD OKS PACT# The commission, meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners, Roy Webster, of Hood River, and Dr& Ennis Keizer, of North Bend, approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past.
#BURSTS INTO FLAMES# An auto overturned, skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville, the patrol said.
#HARVEY CRITICIZED# Mrs& Peck, later joined by the commission's vice-chairman, Mrs& Lee Patterson, took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday.
#SALARY TERMED MODEST# Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government.
**h I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter: that the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people.
**h The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles".
40 + 8 Voiture, No& 25, Musician's Union, Local 99.
Al Kader Temple of the Shrine;
Bobby Bester Hammett, 21, of Rte& 3, Lawrenceville, and Mrs& Lucille Herrington Jones, 23, of Lawrenceville, died in the flaming car, the patrol said.
Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare".
Monte Brooks, 67, theatrical producer and band leader, collapsed and died Thursday in a Lloyd Center restaurant.
Taylor said Mrs& Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing.
William Smythe, director of field service, told the commissioners that Multnomah, as of Aug& 22, had spent $58,918 out of its budgeted $66,000 in the category, leaving only $7,082 for the rest of the month.
_SALEM ( SPECIAL)_- For a second month in a row, Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer month's need, the state public welfare commission was told Friday.
a 12-year-old girl, Susan Elaine Smith, 9329 NE Schuyler St& was in serious condition Friday at Bess Kaiser Hospital, victim of a bicycle-auto collision in the Gateway Shopping Center, parking area, Deputy Sheriff W& H& Forsyth reported.
a daughter, Mrs& Sidney S& Stein Jr&, Dorenzo, Calif&;
a publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service, of which Harvey is president, quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem, instead of" crippling" the agency, had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses, with the key being improved communications between F + A and the commission staff.
a son, Sheldon Brooks;
a son, William, Seattle, Wash&;
acting Administrator Andrew F& Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program, the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period.
asked Mrs& Grace O& Peck, representative from Multnomah County, of the commission chairman, Joseph E& Harvey Jr&.
at the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month, this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000.
but he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles, and he said he personally" regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past".
but it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month, Smythe said.
employes of Montgomery Ward + Co& at The Dalles, in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to decertify Local 1565, Retail Clerks International Association, AFL- CIO, as their collective bargaining agent.
field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes.
for many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest.
funeral for William Joseph Brett, 1926 NE 50th Ave&, who died Thursday in Portland, will be Monday 1 p&m& at the Riverview Abbey.
he also said that the salary, in terms of going rates in the field, was" modest" in terms of the man's responsibility.
he collaborated with many of the big name entertainers visiting Portland, among the most recent being Jimmy Durante and Phil Silvers.
he had conducted the 20-piece band in a series of concerts at Blue Lake park during the summer months.
he lived at 6124 N& Willamette Blvd&.
he owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928, and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co&.
he planned at one time to enter the legal profession, but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field.
he pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine processing," and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to leave".
he retired in 1958.
he was a former commander of Willamette Heights, Post, and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation.
he was a member of Harmony lodge, No& 12, AF + AM, Scottish Rite;
her husband, who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank, also was charged with the store holdup.
it is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category, for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary.
mr& Brett, born in Brooklyn, N&Y&, Dec& 15, 1886, came to Portland in 1920.
mr& Brooks was born in New York, and came to Portland in 1920.
mrs& Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
mrs& Lavaughn Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car used in a robbery of the Woodyard Bros&' Grocery, 2825 E& Burnside St&, in April of 1959.
no request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however.
order of Elks, Lodge No& 142;
secret Grand Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week, Detective Murray Logan reported.
she was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland detectives.
survivors are his widow, Alice;
survivors are his widow, Tearle;
that death occurred at 6:50 p&m& Friday and was reported Sunday, the patrol said.
the NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union, two voted for it, and one vote was challenged.
the Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers.
the continued operation of this program depends on having his service".
the contract with Ray Field, who has been converting the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape, would renew his present salary of $8 an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month.
the conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed, he said, and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program.
the latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary.
the wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G& Huntley was arrested in Phoenix, Ariz&, last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery, Portland detectives said Friday.
these included Oregon State Fair, for which he had been booked on and off, for 30 years.
three sisters, Mrs& Eugene Horstman, Los Angeles, Mrs& Lucy Brett Andrew, New York City, and Mrs& Beatrice Kiefferm, New York City, and five grandchildren.
troopers said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of Calvary on Georgia 111 in Grady County.
( Thornton ) where he had been driven by a companion.
Bernard Parrillo, 20, of 19 Fletcher Ave&, Cranston, was admitted to Roger Williams Hospital shortly before 11:30 a&m& yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel.
Cranston residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years.
Milton and Rosella Lovett of Cranston were awarded $55,000 damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at 83 Atwells Ave&, Providence, and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route 95.
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from Cranston residents.
Saul Hodosh represented the owners.
Sydney Larson, a staff representative for the United Steel Workers, which the firm 's 25 workers joined before striking, said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent.
Thomas Rotelli, head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service, Inc&, said four of the company 's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers.
U&S& Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint, charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury.
Vincent Sorrentino, founder and board chairman of the Uncas Mfg& Co&, has been designated a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy.
_BIRMINGHAM, ALA&- ( AP)_- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the" Freedom Rider" bus burning trial four weeks ago.
a 62-year-old Smithfield man, Lester E& Stone of 19 Beverly Circle, was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital, North Providence, with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street.
a check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator, Oliver G& Pratt, yesterday by Governor Notte.
a mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict.
a two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J& Sullivan, according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall.
about 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr& Sorrentino.
all contributed will be acknowledged.
atty& Gen& J& Joseph Nugent appeared for the state.
before hitting the pole, Mr& Stone's car brushed against a car driven by Alva W& Vernava, 21, of 23 Maple Ave&, North Providence, tearing away the rear bumper and denting the left rear fender of the Vernava car, police said.
drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked.
eight men were tried together in U&S& District Court in Anniston, Ala&, on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white mob's attack on a Greyhound bus carrying the first of the Freedom Riders.
employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions.
f& Morris Cochran, university vice president and business manager, said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families, particularly for those here for a limited time.
he asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case.
he identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker, 59, a farmer of Hartselle, Ala&.
he was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance.
hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night.
in August while stopping in Greenock, Scotland, three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train.
in its ruling, the state Board of Education upheld Dr& Michael F& Walsh, state commissioner of education, who had ruled previously that the Warwick board erred when it named Maurice F& Tougas as coordinator of audio-visual education without first finding that the school superintendent's candidate was not suitable.
local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
mr& Parrillo was given first aid at Johnston Hose 1.
mr& Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec& 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
mr& Stone suffered fractured ribs and chest cuts, hospital authorities said.
mr& Vernava was uninjured.
on Sept& 6, the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship.
one house was without power for about half an hour, a Narragansett Electric Co& spokesman said.
one of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of acquittal.
one of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting, valued at $900.
patrolman Robert J& Nunes, who investigated, said the thieves broke in through the back door.
persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the Journal-Bulletin's Cranston office at 823 Park Avenue.
public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal.
scores of Cranston children will be remembered.
supt& Clarence S& Taylor had recommended Roger I& Vermeersch for the post.
the Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a&m& and returned about 5:45 p&m& and found the house had been entered.
the Newport-based destroyer picket escort Kretchmer has arrived back at Newport after three months' patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore.
the arrest of Mr& Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case.
the award was made by Judge Fred B& Perkins who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties.
the award, without interest, compared with a valuation of $57,500 placed on the property by the property owners' real estate expert, and a valuation of $52,500 placed on it by the state's expert.
the bus was burned outside Anniston.
the city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River.
the decoration will be presented by A& Trichieri, Italian consul general in Boston, at a ceremony at 2:30 p& m& on Dec& 7 at the plant, which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary.
the division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line, heavy vehicle traffic on Eddy Street and tide conditions.
the fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court, it appeared last night.
the first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H& Hobart Grooms told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts.
the fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters.
the hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital, part of Rhode Island Hospital.
the impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident.
the others were valued at $325, $75 and $65.
the power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p&m& when the accident occurred.
the property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land.
the two had been hunting in the Simmonsville area of town and Mr& Parrillo dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground.
the watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85.
the work added eight beds to the hospital, giving it a total capacity of 646 general beds.
two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education, which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator, Francis P& Nolan 3rd, the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman, could not be reached for comment.
" I put Arger on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the stevedore account at Navy pier", Stein said.
" but Arger never was able to produce it, so I cut him off my payroll".
" governments apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this danger;
" they cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such grisly surprise attack.
#CHARGE LISTS 3 CHECKS# The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo Blaber, an attorney for the association.
#CONNECTION IS SOUGHT# Other witnesses, after appearances before the jury, which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations, disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect Stein and his company with a number of gangsters, including Glimco and Alex.
#GLIMCO A BUDDY# Among his gangland buddies, he said, were Joseph [ Joey ] Glimco, a mob labor racketeer, and four gang gambling chiefs, Gus [ Slim ] Alex, Ralph Pierce, Joe [ Caesar ] DiVarco, and Jimmy [ Monk ] Allegretti.
#LEE A WITNESS# Among the witnesses were Ed J& Lee, director of McCormick Place;
#LIEN PAYMENTS INVOLVED# Huff's attorney, Antone F& Gregorio, quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff, as attorney for the loan association, in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages.
#a $12,500 PAYMENT# Leavitt, as he entered the jury room, said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for" labor consultant work" with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers.
Curtis Allen Huff, 41, of 1630 Lake av&, Wilmette, was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association, 1 S& Dearborn st&, where he formerly was employed as an attorney.
Huff lives with his wife, Sue, and their four children, 6 to 10 years old, in a $25,000 home with a $17,000 mortgage.
Huff told Gregorio that he took the money to pay" the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living".
Huff, who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year, said that his private practice was not lucrative.
Jerome Leavitt, a partner in the Union Liquor company, 3247 S& Kedzie av&, Dominic Senese, a teamster union slugger who is a buddy of Stein and a cousin of Tony Accardo, onetime gang chief;
Leavitt identified the unions as a warehouseman's local, the teamsters union, a salesman's union, the janitors' union, and a bottling workers' union.
Lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in April with Stein to supply and supervise janitors in McCormick Place.
PROBABLY THE hottest thing that has hit the Dallas investment community in years was the Morton Foods stock issue, which was sold to the public during the past week.
Stein estimated this amount at" about $1,500 or $1,600 a month".
Stein said he needed the money, Leavitt said, to" meet the payroll" at National Maintenance company.
Stein's fee, Lee said, was 10 per cent of the janitors' pay.
_BONN, OCT& 24 ( UPI)_- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution, it was announced today.
a board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation.
a federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein, 47, who collected big fees as a" labor consultant" and operator of a janitors' service.
a measure of how hot the stock was, can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began.
all bounced.
all of the loans, in amounts up to $5,000 each, have been repaid by Stein, according to Leavitt.
and Frank W& Pesce, operator of a Glimco dominated deodorant firm, the Best Sanitation and Supply company, 1215 Blue Island av&.
and from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading Thursday morning at around $22 a share.
another hoodlum, Louis Arger, drew $39,000 from Stein's janitor firm, the National Maintenance company, in three years ending in 1959, Stein disclosed in an interview.
before he testified for 20 minutes, Stein, who lives at 3300 Lake Shore dr&, admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate hoodlums.
but the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market.
dr& Albert Schweitzer, world-famous theologian and medical missionary, has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale.
elected to the board of directors were: Elios P& Anderlini, Attilio Beronio, Leo M& Bianco, Frederic Campagnoli, Joseph Cervetto, Armond J& De Martini, Grace Duhagon, John P& Figone, John P& Figone Jr&, Stephen Mana, John Moscone, Calude Perasso, Angelo Petrini, Frank Ratto, and George R& Reilly.
federal prosecutors estimated that the amount may total $20,000, altho a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately $10,000.
for many reasons, the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous.
government attorneys, Leavitt said, have questioned him closely about" five or six loans" totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year.
in a letter to the American Friends Service, Dr& Schweitzer wrote:" leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out.
in fact, very few customers, anywhere in the nation, were able to get more than 100 shares.
indeed, from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in Dallas last January, the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up.
investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25, and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many.
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell.
it was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock;
later, Huff cashed three checks for $100 each at the Sherman House, using a credit card.
letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation, all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 to the public at $12.50, with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ).
members of the San Francisco American Friends Service, a Quaker organization, will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p& m& Saturday.
on that date, according to Gregorio, Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence av&.
otherwise no peace is possible.
some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares, for all of their customers.
the company supplies janitors and workmen for McCormick Place and factories, liquor firms, and other businesses.
the deodorant firm run by Pesce has offices in the headquarters of Glimco 's discredited taxi drivers' union at 1213-15 Blue Island av&.
the federal lawyers, according to their witnesses, also were tracing Stein's fees as a labor consultant.
the first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler, Guerin + Turner, the managing underwriter, was at $17 a share.
the only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons;
the radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 micro-microcurie of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday.
the reading, which has been watched with interest since Russia's detonation of a super bomb Monday, was 4 on Tuesday and 7 last Saturday, a level far below the danger point, according to the board of health.
the shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept& 18.
the stock was sold in the underwriting at a price of $12.50 a share.
the weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week.
there was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering.
there, Gregorio said, Huff wrote a complete statement of his offense.
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency".
under scrutiny, two of the witnesses said, were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison st&.
when Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday, hotel officials called police.
" in view of the current expansion, which promises to be substantial" he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months, but" there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960".
" with this kind of new product log-jam, the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up geometrically".
# 'NOT FLASH IN PAN '# Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a" temporary flash in the pan" but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern.
#CREATION 'S NEEDED#" As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal, management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed", Peterson said.
#DANGER CITED# He cautioned that" the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation".
#NOTHING TO FEAR# Peterson said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas.
#SACRIFICES NEEDED# Draper declared," As I see it, this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today.
#SOME GOOD NEWS# Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news.
#THESIS REFUTED# Sprinkel strongly refuted the current neo-stagnationist thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth, declaring that this pessimism" is based on very limited and questionable evidence".
Arnold Hayes, Mary Ann Shay, and Lloyd Satterfield of Thomas Jefferson;
David Wolverton, Sharon Flanagan, and James Weaver of W& W& Samuels;
Patricia Ann Neal, Johnny Carruthers, and David McLauchlin of Rylie of Seagoville;
Treasury Secretary Douglas Dillon said the economy is expected to advance by a whopping 8% next year, paving the way for lower taxes.
William Austin, Gary Hammond, and Ronnie Davis of South Oak Cliff;
William Cluck, Deloris Carrel Carty, and Edna Earl Eaton of North Dallas;
_NEW YORK ( AP)_- { Stock market Tuesday staged a technical recovery, erasing all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks.
_SANTA BARBARA_-" The present recovery movement will gather steady momentum to lift the economy to a new historic peak by this autumn", Beryl W& Sprinkel, economist of Harris Trust + Savings Bank, Chicago, predicted at the closing session here Tuesday of Investment Bankers Assn&, California group, conference.
a $25 billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the 1970s here Tuesday by Peter G& Peterson, head of one of the world's greatest camera firms, in a key address before the American Marketing Assn&.
a substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month.
and Charles Potter, Ronnie Moore, and Robert Bailey of Woodrow Wilson.
another speaker, William H& Draper, Jr&, former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper, Gaither + Anderson, urged the U&S& to" throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we will n't be pushed arouny any more".
bill Burke, Tommie Freeman, and Lawrence Paschall of N& R& Crozier Tech& Paulah Thompson, Gerald Kestner, and Nancy Stephenson of Hillcrest;
bill Eaton, Carolyn Milton, and Ronnie Bert Stone of Sunset;
business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields.
cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy.
he also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in Germany, with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market.
he called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action, and noted that in war" you can n't buy yourself out and that's what we 're trying to do".
he cited, as an example, how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs, by improving its production know-how and technology.
he said that from his experience of two years with Gen& Clay in West Berlin administration, that" Russia respects our show of strength, but that presently we 're not acting as we should and must".
he urged support for President Kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations.
however, Peterson, president of Bell + Howell, warned 800 U&S& marketing leaders attending a national conference at the Ambassador, that the future will belong to the industrialist of creative and" unconventional wisdom".
however, compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441, this March was off 23 per cent.
it was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages.
its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I do n't believe we can permit that".
more than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis.
new car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year.
new highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14.
now in its third year, the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship.
of 1,253 issues traded, 695 advanced and 354 declined.
on a quarter-to-quarter comparison, the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744.
on the local level, compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars.
only three standard models- Buick, Chrysler, and Mercury- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county.
principal address will be delivered by Gerald T& Owens, national sales manager for Isodine Pharmical Corp& of New York.
rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth", he said" it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery".
registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year.
the 33 honored students are: Mike Trigg, Raymond Arrington, and Ronald Kaminsky of Bryan Adams, Janice Whitney, Fil Terral, and Carl David Page of W& H& Adamson;
the Administration's proposals, complex and sweeping as they are, all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core, stated Caron S& Stallard, first vice-president of the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.
the Dow Jones industrial average advanced 7.19 to 687.87.
the Kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals, particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration, came under fire in Dallas last week.
the March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter.
the economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it" even more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958".
the executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past, but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs.
the firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as belting, bearings, etc&.
the top 3 students from 11 participating Dallas County high schools will be honored by the Dallas Sales Executives Club at a banquet at 6 p&m& Tuesday in the Sam Houston Room of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel as the club winds up its annual Distributive Education project.
the unsatisfactory 1958-60 expansion, he said, was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with retrenching decisions resulting from the steel strike.
this year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend- estimated sales of domestic cars in the U&S& for first three months of 1961 were about 1,212,000 or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier.
totaling 3,399, sales jumped 14 per cent over February 's 2,963.
trading was comparatively dull throughout the day.
volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Monday.
we must be ready for any needed sacrifice".
we must justify our heritage.
while he declined to suggest, how, he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro," for unless we do we 're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere.
with the March pickup, dealers are optimistic that the April-June quarter will equal or top last year.
} analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a hoped-for" support level" represented by around 675 in the Dow Jones industrial average.
" farmers are n't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale", says Jack Martin, who sells J& I& Case tractors and implements in Sioux City, Iowa.
" in August our dealers sold 13% more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14% higher than last year", says Mark V& Keeler, farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co&.
" my approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries", the President said >.
" this morning, we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model.
#@# { A PORTABLE KEROSENE RANGE } designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel.
#@# { A RULE on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested.
#@# { CHARITABLE DEDUCTIONS come in for closer scrutiny by the I&R&S&.
#@# { HIRING THE WIFE for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income }.
#@# { PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS } are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency.
#DEALERS' STOCKS DOWN# With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago, the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers.
#TWO OF THREE REPORT GAINS# Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5% to 50%.
< President Kennedy, in signing the relief measure into law, stressed he regarded it as an exception.
< the Tax Court decision and a similar earlier finding by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenges a year-old I&R&S& ruling on the subject.
Louisiana, however, collected an income tax on the profits from the sale.
Merritt D& Hill, Ford Motor Co& vice president, says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn pickers.
a measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact, on prior-year returns still under review, for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products.
a spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls, for example, may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage.
agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers $1.4 billion in special subsidies and incentive payments, well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the $639 million of 1960.
except for a few months in late 1960 and early 1961, retail farm equipment sales have trailed year-earlier levels since the latter part of 1959.
farmers are so eager for new machinery that they' re haggling less over prices than they did a year ago, dealers report.
farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products.
for example, farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier, Mr& Keeler reports.
for the year to date, sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960.
in August of 1960, he sold seven.
in such instance, revenuers stressed, the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received.
it provides that the $1,800 termination payment each cadet is to get, after serving a two-year hitch without pay, will be spread over both years, not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received.#@# { THE OWNER } of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and" kicked back" to the company 's advertising manager, the Tax Court ruled.
it said the tax-freedom of the gain in this case stemmed not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate liquidations.
last year, we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine".
more than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks, buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances, chemicals and other products.
mr& Martin sold 21 tractors in August;
nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects.
net income may reach $12.7 billion, up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953.
not all sections are showing an upswing, however;
price support loans may total another $1 billion this year.
requests for substantiation, the Service indicated, can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return, such as tickets to a show.
seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year.
such" depletion allowances", in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets.
the Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved, commenting:" it is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction".
the Court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these" kickbacks" were not his income though they passed through his hands.
the Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects.
the Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month, reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July.
the High Court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground, not to the revenue from finished products.
the Revenue Service disallowed the claim, invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income.
the Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances.
the Service has not said what its next step will be >.
the Tax Court rejected this view.
the company, in figuring its taxable earnings, deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products.
the corporation, in filing its final Federal income return, claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense, as permitted under U&S& tax law.
the demand for farm machinery is regarded as a yardstick of rural buying generally.
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend.
the higher price supports provided by the new legislation, together with rising prices for farm products, are pushing up farm income, making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery.
the measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone.
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and, as a result, reduced the immediate need for machines.
the rise in sales last winter was checked when the Government's new feed grain program was adopted;
the significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry.
the taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager.
total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129% of the 1947-49 average, three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960.
tractor production at Massey-Ferguson, Ltd&, of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier, says John Staiger, vice president.
with cash receipts from marketings expected to be slightly above 1960, farmers' gross income is estimated at $39.5 billion, $1.5 billion above 1960's record high.
with the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements.
{ KENNEDY OPPOSES any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling.
} a realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax under Federal law, on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation.
} the Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date, purpose, amount and other particulars of the contribution.
} the Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it mined.
" mostly meat and potatoes- they have to have that go-go-go without getting too fat", says Ramsey.
" pretty much hamburger, hotdogs, steak and, at night, maybe pizza", says the handsome food expert.
" they are n't supposed to look at women, you know", Ramsey recalled.
" unfortunately, there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower".
" what with all those pretty girls around, they had a hard time".
## { DECORATING } the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas, in tall bushes;
## { HE WAS IN CHARGE } of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 1950, before he moved to SMU.
## { THE GET-TOGETHER } Friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool, and an orchestra will play for dancing.
## { THE TRAVEL CLUB } is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto" Go Somewhere, Anywhere, Everywhere".
## { WHAT DO } the pretty SMU girls like on their plates?
#CHICKEN CADILLAC# Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
( leave off the ham and you call it Chicken Pontiac, says Ramsey.
) contemporary furniture that is neither Danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern, many design facets, warmth, dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability.
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F& until lightly brown.
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer.
Ramsey has stoked up Harry Truman, Henry Cabot Lodge, the King of Morocco, Clement Atlee and other shiny characters.
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old Chisholm Trail.
a high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving, a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end, recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest.
add enough warmed cream, seasoned to taste with onion juice, to about half cover the chicken breasts.
an interesting approach to the bedroom is presented, with a young, basic, functional group of chests, dressers and corner units and a canted headboard.
and to keep athletes' stomachs from getting jumpy under physical duress, he bans all highly flavored condiments.
and you 'll notice that in both places, there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line.
bluebonnets and stagecoach silhouettes.
called Perennian, to indicate its lasting, good today and tomorrow quality, the collection truly avoids the monotony of identical pieces.
center panel, hand-screened wood, actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases.
colorful, bright Eastman Chromspun fabrics, with the magenta, pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with Composite.
committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are Messrs and Mmes Roy McKee, George McElyee, Jack Fanning, W& H& Roquemore and Joe Darrow.
design elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote Drexel's fall 1961 group, Composite.
dignity and comfort, in a contemporary manner, reflecting the best aspects of today's design, with substance and maturity, keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage.
dip in melted butter and roll in flour.
four parties are given a year.
ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women.
guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days.
in the past, the men and women have chartered planes to Las Vegas and Jamaica, buses to Mineral Wells and Kerrville and private railway coaches to Shreveport and Galveston.
invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov& and Mrs& Price Daniel.
it is a collection with a custom-design look, offering simplicity with warmth, variety and vitality.
mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile.
members are on their way to Saledo, not by stage coach, but in air-conditioned cars.
mr& and Mrs& Phil G& Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip.
once four Tibetan monks, in their saffron robes, filed through the cafeteria line.
place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan.
rounded posts give a soft, sculptured look, paneled doors have decorative burl panels or cane insets plus softening arches, table tops are inlaid in Macassar ebony or acacia.
salt and pepper each breast.
see-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor.
serve each breast on a thin slice of slow-baked ham and sprinkle with Thompson seedless grapes.
so he hides the mayonnaise.
sprinkle over top of chicken breasts.
that is the goal of two new collections being introduced in Dallas this month.
the Drexel collection, called Composite, to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating, a mature modern that is a variation of many designs.
the Heritage collection, to be shown by Sanger-Harris and Anderson's Studio, has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time.
the Vagabonds are" on the road" again.
the fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles.
the men will be in western attire, including Stetsons and colored vests.
the other bedroom has heavier styling, door-fronted dressers with acacia panels, a poster bed or a bed with arched acacia panels and matching mirror.
the spider-leg pedestal table has a base finished in an ebony, to set off the lustrous brown of the walnut top.
their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe.
there will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests.
these two, Heritage and Drexel, chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece, but a collection of correlated designs, each of which could stand alone.
this coming weekend they have reserved the entire Stagecoach Inn and adjoining country club, Saledo, for festivities.
though there has been some avant garde indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the boxy look of the ' 20's and ' 40's, two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated, but warm look in contemporary.
to bring warmth to the dining area, golden orange tones are used in the fabrics.
walnut, wormy chestnut, pecan, three varieties of burl, hand-woven Philippine cane, ceramic tiles, marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence, the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors, brick or paneled walls, windows that bring in the outdoors.
what does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table?
while this is baking, saute mushrooms, fresh or canned, in butter.
" skip" Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren, Kay Martin, the Marskmen and Tune Toppers- all pulling good biz, he says.
#@# The logic of that is impeccable, of course, except that I feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car, by my wife, when everybody knows I have a big car and am capable of driving myself.
#MORE NEW ADDRESSES# Judge and Mrs& Julian Hazard are now at Laguna Beach, while the Frank Wangemans have moved from Beverly Hills to New York, where he is general manager of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
#PASADENA LISTINGS# Listed as newly wed in the Pasadena section of the new book are Mr& and Mrs& Samuel Moody Haskins 3,.
#PULLING STRINGS# Using the strings that manipulate the puppet, suspend him from the light fixture by tying the strings to the lamp base.
#SOLID INVESTMENT# There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop" down to earth" designs- or go out of business.
#STARS FOR MARRIAGE# Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year.
@ #WE LIKE FIKE# { AL FIKE }, an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado, is currently pursuing the three R 's- rhythm, reminiscence and repartee- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel.
Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it 's substantially the same format heard last spring.
Cynthia Flower, daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr&, to Todd Huntington, son of the David Huntingtons.
HERE 'S an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming, using puppets for lamp bases.
Joanne Curry, daughter of the Ellsworth Currys, to James Hartley Gregg, and Valerie Smith to James McAlister Duque.
Kings 4, have rated as a popular act in Vegas and Western nightclubs.
TODAY' S trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching home-owners and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd cabinetmakers of our Colonial era.
a generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions.
advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week.
also noted are the marriages of Elizabeth Browning, daughter of the George L& Brownings, to Austin C& Smith Jr&;
although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without disharmony, it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's playtime.
and Lawrence Chase, son of the Ransom Chases, is listed at his new address in Oxford, Eng&.
another marriage of note is that of Jane McAlester and William Louis Pfau.
but that 's hardly realistic.
but the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City.
but when Gloriana rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her, so the little car is n't big enough.
changes in address are noted.
displayed as lamps, the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent.
for instance, the Edwin Pauleys Jr&, formerly of Chantilly Rd&, are now at home on North Arden Dr& in Beverly Hills.
housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs, says Mr& Alden and they are doing it largely because Colonial craftsmen had" an innate sense of the practical".
however, it 's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus, and it 's too hard on my legs.
if the puppets are of uniform size, you can change them in accord with your child's whims.
if they can n't chalk up BIG business here then let 's stop this noise about how hip we are, and stick to our community singing, @ #ELSEWHERE# { ANDY BARTHA } and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge **h the Cumbancheros, Latin combo, open Tuesday at the Four O 'Clock Club **h" Flip" Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday;
if they have to take any car, they' d rather take the big one.
in the background lurked the feeling, however, that these pieces, beautiful as they were, lacked the utilitarian touch.
in this way, you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position, with feet, or one foot, barely resting on the pedestal.
last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of Meredith Jane Cooper, daughter of the Grant B& Coopers, to Robert Knox Worrell, and of Mary Alice Ghormley to Willard Pen Tudor.
make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted" L", the foot of the" L" about three inches long, so that the puppet can hang directly under the light.
measure the puppet to determine the height of the light socket, allowing three to four inches above the puppet's head.
most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies, and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action, rather than put away in boxes.
mr& and Mrs& Robert Moulton now live on Wilshire and the Franklin Moultons on S& Windsor Blvd&.
my wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there.
net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense, part of which can be classed as pure slapstick }.
newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are the Ray Carbones, formerly of Panama;
nobody walks any more but crackpots and Harry Truman, and he 's already got an education.
others are Carla Ruth Craig to Dan McFarland Chandler Jr&;
others listed at new addresses are the Richard T& Olerichs, the Joseph Aderholds Jr&, the Henri de la Chapelles, the John Berteros and Dr& and Mrs& Egerton Crispin, the John Armisteads, the Allen Chases, the Howard Lockies, the Thomas Lockies, and Anthony Longinotti.
published annually by William Hord Richardson, the 1962 edition, subtitled Society Register of Southern California, is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman.
publisher Richardson has updated the Blue Book" but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers, addresses, other residences, club affiliations and marriages".
same date, Johnny LaSalle trio to the Jolly Roger **h Dick Carroll and his accordion ( which we now refer to as" Freida" ) held over at Bahia Cabana where" Sir" Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct& 13.
she is the former Judy Chapman, daughter of John S& Chapman of this city.
so junior's bedroom was usually tricked out with heavy, nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the" hard knocks", while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only.
the Geddes MacGregors, formerly of Scotland, and Mr& and Mrs& Werner H& Althaus, formerly of Switzerland.
the Richard Beesemyers, formerly of Connecticut, have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd&.
the plus two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine, and the beat is solid.
the scalloped edge is particularly appealing.
the solution, naturally, is the bus.
the young couple live in Pasadena.
they say that when they take a car, Gloriana does n't take her car, but rides with them.
this is n't true of the many homemakers of the 1960's, according to decorator consultant, Leland Alden.
this is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while- a well integrated, fast moving outfit specializing in skits, vocals, comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch.
those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round.
to create such a lamp, order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop.
{ HOTEL ESCAPE 'S } Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction, the versatile" Kings 4, Plus Two".
{ Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he 's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel }.
{ in the comedy division, the Kings simply augmenting talent and imagination with a few props.
{ show spotlights the Kings- George Worth, Bill Kay, Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson, flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens }.
#@# { DADE 'S CHIEF } probation officer, Jack Blanton, will lead a discussion on" The Changes in the American Family" at 7:30 p&m& Sunday at { Christ Lutheran Church }.
#@# { EVERY } family of { Riviera Presbyterian Church } has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate.
#@# { MR& AND MRS& } George Treadwell will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p&m& Sunday at { Trinity Methodist Church }.
#@# { THE OUTSTANDING } family of { Central Nazarene Church } will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10:45 a&m& Sunday service marking National Family Week.
#HIT# Alla Sizova, who seems to have made a special hit in the East, was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner, Yuri Soloviev, was wonderfully virile, acrobatic, and poetic all at the same time, in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky.
#PRECISE# The reasons for this enchantment are numerous, but most of them end in" ova"," eva", or" aya".
Enrique Jorda, conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony, will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season, it was announced.
Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra, one containing excellent soloists- the violin solos by the concertmaster, Guy Lumia, were especially fine- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity.
FOR A GOOD MANY SEASONS I 've been looking at the naughty stuff on television, so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies.
I am prepared to demonstrate at an ytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar, infantile, and reactionary aspect;
Irina Kolpakova, the Princess Aurora of Friday's performance, would be a change for the better anywhere, at any time, no matter who had had the role before.
Konstantin Shatilov, a great character dancer;
President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said," We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests".
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children.
Vladilen Semenov, a fine" danseur noble";
a family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p&m&.
a father and son dinner sponsored by the Men's Club will be held at 6:15 p&m& Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p&m& next Saturday.
after all, this year's movies are next year's television shows.
all of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the Kirov 's utterly captivating presentation.
and Inna Zubkovskaya, an excellent Lilac Fairy, were other outstanding members of the cast, but every member of the cast was magnificent.
annual members may attend for $16.
any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys, 676 Howard street, San Francisco 5, and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12.
but after that service, they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table, have bedtime prayers, and Bible stories.
but, obviously, at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned.
during his five-month visit abroad, Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique de Bordeau in France, and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra in Rome.
even the two-year-old feels miffed if the family has a prayer-time without her.
famed cellist Pablo Casals took his instrument to the East Room of the White House yesterday and charmed the staff with a two-hour rehearsal.
fire Fighters Local 798, which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year, issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys, which will be repaired by off-duty firemen.
from the collection centers, toys will be taken to a warehouse at 198 Second street, where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution.
guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra, including violinists Yehudi Menuhin, Isaac Stern, Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel;
he is the sexton of the church.
he was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor Luis Munoz Marin.
in announcing Jorda's return, the orchestra also announced that the sale of single tickets for the 50th anniversary season will start at the Sherman Clay box office on Wednesday.
in other words, no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet.
it is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet.
it seems to have been chosen exclusively from the winners of beauty contests- Miss Omsk, Miss Pinsk, Miss Stalingr **h oops, skip it.
it was done with great taste, was big and spacious, sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes, but sumptuous in a muted, pastel-like style, with rich, quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery.
mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the San Francisco Chamber Music Society.
mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2, may be addressed to the society, 1044 Chestnut street, San Francisco 9.
new officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p& m& service }.
oh-the-pain-of-it, that convention of Russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of impoverished Grand Dukes driven to thestage out of filial piety, is totally absent from the Kirov.
participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ).
pianists Leon Fleisher, Ruth Slenczynka and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard Murray.
requests must be mailed in by December 5.
she is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on, and her dancing has a feminine suavity, lightness, sparkle, and refinement which are simply incomparable.
so I went to see" La Dolce Vita".
sustaining members may sign up at $25 for the ten-concert season;
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms.
that its persistent use by ballet companies of the Soviet regime indicates that that old spirit is just as stultifying alive today as it ever was;
that its presentation in this country is part of a capitalist plot to boobify the American people;
the Leningrad Kirov Ballet, which opened a series of performances Friday night at the Opera House, is, I think, the finest" classical" ballet company I have ever seen, and the production of the Petipa-Tschaikowsky" Sleeping Beauty" with which it began the series is incomparably the finest I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing.
the guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18, with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne.
the production, designed by Simon Virsaladze, was completely traditional but traditional in the right way.
the resignation of the Rev& Warren I& Densmore, headmaster of St& Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove, becomes effective July 15.
the season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22.
the season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p& m& with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players.
the week will end with the Rev& Mr& Henderson preaching on" The Marriage Altar" at 7:30 p&m& Sunday, May 14.
these qualities alone, however, would not account for their success, and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality.
they will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association, at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall, and at the Junior Museum, 16th street and Roosevelt way.
this is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator Goldwater is to American politics.
this work is no favorite of mine.
to their surprise, the children all were eager and quite able to take part.
toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
{ to start the week of special programs at the church, the Rev& John D& Henderson will preach on" A Successful Marriage" at 9:40 and 11 a&m& Sunday.
" I 've been here so many times I could n't count them".
" I think they played Hail to the Chief better than the Marine Corps Band, and we are grateful to them", President Kennedy remarked after mounting the bandstand and shaking hands with conductor James Christian Pfohl.
" I was an art major in college", Miss Baldrige explained.
" the nuns there do a wonderful work", the President commented.
" this is a great national cultural asset, and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me, representing as I do today my wife, to welcome all of you here today at the White House".
( the last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself.
) AT LAST the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman, Duncan Phyfe, whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U& S& Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings.
AFTER PAYING tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students, President Kennedy said," As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music".
Henry Hall Wilson, a student at the music camp 25 years ago and now on the President's staff as liaison representative with the House of Representatives, turned guest conductor for a Sousa march, the" Stars and Stripes Forever".
MANY of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience.
Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p& m&.
ONE OF THE MOST interested" students" on the tour which the Brevard group took at the National Gallery yesterday following their concert at the White House, was Letitia Baldrige, social secretary to First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy.
PRESIDENT KENNEDY could n't stay away from his desk for the 75-minute young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the 85-piece Transylvania Symphony Orchestra from Brevard, N& C&.
Patricia now attends the C& Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District.
THE AID HAS undertaken the redecoration of the White House library as a project in connection with the work being done by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy's Fine Arts Advisory Committee to secure antiques for the presidential home.
Transylvania Symphony Conductor Pfohl said yesterday that Mrs& Kennedy's Social Secretary, Letitia Baldrige, told about plans for White House youth concerts before the National Symphony Orchestra League in Philadelphia last spring.
a few of them said they" preferred contemporary art".
a flow of correspondence between Pfohl and Miss Baldrige resulted in an invitation to the 85-student North Carolina group to play the first concert.
along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group, went one of the Gallery's blue-uniformed guards.
among the other artists, whose paintings were discussed were Boucher, Courbet, Fra Angelico.
and it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected.
as he approached the open bandstand, erected facing the South entrance to the Executive Mansion, the band struck up the" Star Spangled Banner" and followed it with" Hail to the Chief".
as he left the bandstand to return to his office, the slender, sun-tanned Chief Executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests.
at 4 p& m& the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians, students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp, and to greet the 325 crippled, cardiac and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert.
authenticated pieces of Duncan Phyfe furniture are uncommon, although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago.
but he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music.
c& Wheeler Barnes of Denver, head of the Scottish Rite in Colorado, praised Pike as a historian, author, poet, journalist, lawyer, jurist, soldier and musician, who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the Masonic Order.
displaying his knowledge of music, the New England-born President remarked that" probably the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont, by young Americans- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers, and their work is being duplicated all across the United States.
dollar bills skidded off my hands and they tipped their caps politely.
each of the children invited to the concert wore a name tag marked with a red, white and blue ribbon.
everybody had heard of Van Gogh, the French impressionist.
gallery Director John Walker greeted the group, standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them.
he added" **h I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field".
he expressed surprise to learn that pretty, blonde Patricia Holbrook, 16, of Mount Rainier, had attended the Joseph P& Kennedy School for the Handicapped in Boston.
he pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery" is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director **h Richard Bales **h I 'm sure you 've heard af him **h and his record, ' The Confederacy '".
he said he contacted a friend, Henry Hall Wilson, on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play, in the series.
high blood pressure can get the best of any of us.
in 45 minutes, the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick rundown on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th Century.
it is the AID's intention to create in the library" a miniature museum of Americana" before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall.
it was the first in the series of" Concerts for Young People by Young People" to be sponsored by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy at the White House.
it will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
more than 250 Scottish Rite Masons and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader, Albert Pike, who headed the Scottish Rite from 1859 to 1891.
mrs& Lenygon's committee associates, announced formally yesterday by the AID in New York, include Mrs& Allen Lehman McCluskey and Stephen J& Jussel, both wellknown Manhattan decorators.
regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include Frank E& Barnes of Boston.
she is vacationing at the Kennedy summer home in Hyannis Port, Mass&, and in his welcoming remarks, the President said he was representing her.
she turned out to be a fan, too, of Margaret Bouton, the Gallery's associate curator of education.
she was not present yesterday, however, to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience.
that imposing, somewhat austere, and seemingly remote collonaded building with the sphynxes perched on its threshold at 1733 16th st& nw& took on bustling life yesterday.
the AID committee's chairman in charge of the redecoration, Mrs& Henry Francis Lenygon, was in town yesterday to consult with White House staff members on the project.
the AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem, Mass&, an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792.
the American Institute of Decorators has acquired a rare complete set of sofas and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive Mansion's library.
the Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p& m&, remaining for about 45 minutes.
the Brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later.
the ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple.
the gift is being presented by" heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey, whose famous estate," Tranquility", was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover, N& J&.
the mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace.
the room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture.
the suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's.
the thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain **h" because it 's on the second floor".
they came together in the huge, high-ceilinged Council Chamber to hear the late leader eulogized.
they decided that they thought Rembrandt's self-portrait made him look" sad"**h they noticed Roman buildings in the background of Raphael's" Alba Madonna" and" texture" in a Monet painting of Rheims Cathedral.
they enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff.
this acquisition is a matched, perfect set- consisting of two sofas six feet long, plus six sidechairs and two armchairs.
with a small bomb, I tuck it between Cadillacs.
#DEADLOCK ON TESTS# The President was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at Geneva.
#OTHER ALLIES CONSULTED# There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr& Khrushchev, the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders.
@ #THE OUTLOOK# The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned, 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who, in Mr& Kennedy's own words, is" shrewd, tough, vigorous, well-informed and confident", and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy.
Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive.
American Catholics have responded generously to bishops' and pastors' appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning.
Premier Khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway.
THERE ARE, so my biologist friends tell me, mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory.
after Cuba and Laos, it was argued, Mr& Khrushchev will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western weakness- perhaps even panic- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds.
apart from the personal equation, another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the U&S& appeared to have been dragged reluctantly to the summit.
apparently at the insistence of the U& S&, the simultaneous announcements issued in Washington and Moscow last Friday emphasized the" informal" nature of the meeting.
as a result, the West is in a poor bargaining position at the current Geneva negotiations on Laos, and South Vietnam and other nations in Southeast Asia are under increased pressure.
at the same time, there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader, as a result of those episodes, come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure.
beyond that, Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos- despite warnings that they might do so- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces.
but it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr& Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted.
but the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official American Catholic project;
but those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary.
by way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence.
certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy.
developments in Cuba and Laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting.
developments over the next two months, however, caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing.
disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse.
finally, there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President 's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord.
firm arrangements for the meeting in Vienna were worked out in a final exchange between Moscow and Washington last week.
he has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out.
if tests are to be resumed, the argument went, it is vital that the U& S& make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union.
in Cuba, the U& S& had blundered badly and created the impression of impotency against Communist penetration even on its own doorstep.
in Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
in the U& S&, strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing.
in the light of those events, there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself.
initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting.
it dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
it was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U& S& Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future.
mollusks are a case in point.
moreover, Moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies, including the U& N& Secretariat and the International Control Commission for Laos.
moreover, the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments.
mr& Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies.
mr& Kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements, or even negotiations, impossible.
mr& Kennedy was less troubled by that possibility than by the belief that a Geneva breakdown, or even continued stalemate, would mean an unchecked spread of nuclear weapons to other countries as well as a fatal blow to any hope for disarmament.
mr& Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewd judge of men.
official encouragement is one thing, but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds.
the President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin, Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back.
the Washington announcement said: @" The President and Chairman Khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of negotiating or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries.
the announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U& S& of both approval and disapproval.
the approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna.
the deadlock has been caused by the Russians' new demand for a three-man ( East, West and neutral ) directorate, and thus a veto, over the control machinery.
the deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades, rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that.
the feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr& Kennedy would give him pause.
the inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations.
the meeting will, however, afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries".
the question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the Soviet leader had not become urgent.
the question was raised, for example, as to what attitude the President would take if Mr& Khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East.
the response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
the shell, which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme, tended to cancel out the possibility of future development.
there can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive: our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities.
there is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world.
there is, however, one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture.
there was reason to believe that Premier Khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons, particularly to Communist China.
there were intense discussions in the inner councils of the White House about the advisability of an early meeting, not because the international climate was improving, but precisely because it was deteriorating alarmingly.
they have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made.
this time the initiative came, in part at least, from Washington.
though this may or may not be good biology, it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education.
thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity.
u& S& willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be" neutralized" on Soviet terms.
viewing the American Catholic educational achievement in retrospect, we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university.
## THE QUESTION might be asked:" do n't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts?
## THE RECENT publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained.
( p& 214 ) **h anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship.
( p& 215 ) **h when corporate abuses were attacked, it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control.
( pp& 228-229 ) **h in any event, it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial empires the world has ever known, held together by some of the most fantastic ideas, all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government".
( the penalties handed out in the electrical case, which included jail sentences, were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions, perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities.
) if a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market, quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest.
**h In this manner, every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws.
< business Week > ( Aug& 9, 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company, against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike, decided to keep its plants operating.
Senator McClellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation.
THOSE WHO favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform.
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by" unfair competition".
a plea of < nolo contendere >, followed by a nominal fine, after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license.
a secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle.
accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price.
and which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday?
as early as 1776, Adam Smith wrote in < The Wealth of Nations >:" we have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work;
before 1933, individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English.
but if they show self-restraint, they do n't get the orders.
but many against combining to raise it".
but the right does not exist to raise **h the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial means".
compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin, according to the < Daily Labor Report > of Sept& 19, 1961, defends the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor" if we wish to prevent monopolistic fixing of wages, production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages, hours and conditions of employment".
eighteenth-century England, upon whose customs our common law was built, had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies.
engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants.
he wrote:" ( p& 211 ) **h the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations, and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure.
his bill, allegedly aimed at Hoffa, would amend the Sherman, Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union- even a sister local in the same international.
however, one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational.
human labor was exactly that- a commodity- in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America.
hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy.
if a union cannot perform this function, then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud.
if laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( unsupported, by the way, by any agricultural subsidy ), then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them.
in 1825, the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers, who declared:" it is **h considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to **h effect the value of labor **h tend to convert all its branches into monopolies".
in < People vs& Fisher >, Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared:" without any officious and improper interference on the subject, the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it;
in addition, disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill.
in other words, the anti-trust laws, designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
it is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages, but he pays the employers' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike.
it must play a game in which there never is a winner.
let us look at the heavy-electrical-goods industry in which General Electric, Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and allocate the market.
naturally, enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time.
neither has Congressman Martin nor Senator McClellan been heard from on the matter;
quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union.
rep& Frank Kowalski of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee.
should these giants really flex their competitive muscles, they would become the only survivors in the industry.
the Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program.
the Wagner Act, the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining.
the acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934, implicit in the writing of Section 7 A of the National Industrial Recovery Act, has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle.
the anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete, but along completely undefined lines;
the basic purpose of an effective collective-bargaining system is the removal of wages from competition.
the committee remains unresponsive.
the company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business.
the company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors: advertising to attract new employees, hiring and training them, extra overtime, and defective work performed by the new workers.
the courts shared the opinion of the employers.
the fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law.
the industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated- whether marginal or average pricing is applied.
the paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government, after the conviction, that General Electric sign a wide-open consent decree that < it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows >.
the past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by Thurman Arnold, in < The Folklore of Capitalism >, back in 1937.
the problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment.
the problem must be faced squarely.
the tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession.
there were no pious hypocrisies then about being < for > collective bargaining, but < against > labor monopoly.
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions.
this escape from control has led to management 's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while.
under the circumstances, the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted.
why did they engage in a flood of < mea culpas >, throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter, expressing their complete confidence in the laws"?
" here are two old men, mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone", said a House Democratic leader.
" just when you think you have it licked, this golf course can get up and bite you", Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament.
" one wants a little more power, and the other does n't want to give up any".
" this is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated", he said.
" unconscionable"!
#END AT SEVEN# Until late last Saturday afternoon Palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the Masters- four last year and three this- without ever being out of first place.
#REPUBLICANS# _LAST ACT_ Since Election Day, Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually retired- by his own wish- from public view.
( one big question: if Colmer was to be purged, what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors?
) in all three arenas, they seemed certain of victory- especially with Sam Rayburn applying his whiplash.
Arnold Palmer, the defending champion, lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief.
Gary Player, the small, trim South African, was the eventual winner, but in all his 25 years he never spent a more harrowing afternoon as he waited for the victory to drop in his lap.
Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely, and the battle was joined.
Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace, then went beyond the required" sufficient declaration".
Palmer 's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro, but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe.
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player, and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes.
Palmer was now putting merely for a tie, and Player, who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in Tournament Chairman Clifford Roberts' clubhouse apartment, stared in amazement when Palmer missed the putt.
Smith flatly rejected the offer, and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels.
_BATTLE IN THE SENATE_ The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle, but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as < pro forma > as a Capitol guide's speech.
_THREAT OF WAR._ As the battle raged in the cloakrooms and caucuses, it became clear that Judge Smith could lose.
a wide-ranging, bipartisan force- from Minnesota's Democratic Hubert Humphrey to Massachusetts' Republican Leverett Saltonstall- was drawn up against a solid phalanx of Southern Democrats, who have traditionally used the filibuster to stop civil rights bills.
after a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th.
after playing a splendid first nine holes in 34- two strokes under par- on this fifth and final day of the tournament ( Sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent rainstorm when it was only half completed ), Player's game rapidly fell to pieces.
afterwards, Palmer told Charlie Coe, his last-round partner, that he simply played the hole too fast.
and that is just what happened on the last few holes.
armed with the Nixon opinion, the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the filibuster battle this week.
as evening approached and Palmer finished his Saturday round with a disappointing one-over-par 73, this remarkable record was still intact, thanks to his Thursday and Friday rounds of 68 and 69.
as he signed his scorecard and walked off the course, Player was almost in tears.
but Palmer knew, as did everybody else at Augusta, that his streak was about to be broken.
but in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the specter of losing a costlier war.
but the seven-iron shot he used to approach the green strayed into a bunker and lodged in a slight depression.
but with the convening of the new Congress, he was the public man again, presiding over the Senate until John Kennedy's Inauguration.
cannon, a powerful, conservative man, brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces: as chairman of the Appropriations Committee, he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects.
fair Dealer Humphrey upped the ante, asked cloture power for a mere majority of Senators.
half an hour after he finished his round, Player holed out at the 18th green with a 69 and a three-round total of 206, four strokes ahead of Palmer.
he bogeyed the 10th.
he bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280.
he could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer, by then playing the 15th hole, was leading him by a stroke.
he did seem hasty on his second and third shots, but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while Coe graciously putted out, giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure, which he had quite visibly lost.
he shouted, and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object:" a dangerous precedent"!
his highest count of supporters numbered 72- and he needed nearly twice that number to control the 260-member Democratic caucus.
his three-round total of 210 was three strokes better than the next best score, a 213 by Bill Collins, the tall and deliberate Baltimorean who had been playing very well all winter long.
hopefully, the perennial battle of Rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all.
if the Southerners were sufficiently aroused, they could very well cut the Kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee chairmanships, leaving Sam Rayburn leading a truncated, unworkable party.
in 1957 Nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of Senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new Congress, and that any rules laid down by previous Congresses were not binding.
in trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green, past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower.
more than a streak had ended.
new Mexico's Clint Anderson offered a resolution to change the Senate's notorious Rule 22 to allow three-fifths of the Senators present and voting to cut off debate, instead of the current hard-to-get two-thirds.
news of Rayburn's commitment soon leaked out.
now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf.
one day last week, Nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote, and then to make" sufficient declaration" of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election.
player was the first to feel its teeth.
privately, the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of passage.
privately, they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's three-fifths modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon.
question at issue: how big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters?
sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge Smith ally, Georgia's Carl Vinson, chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
the Augusta National Golf Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palmer.
the Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves.
the lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur, who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years, refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69.
the liberals, smelling blood, were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes- in the Democratic Committee on Committees, in the full party caucus, and on the floor of the House- before they could oust Colmer.
the next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news: he would lead the fight to oust Colmer, whom he is said to regard as" an inferior man".
when Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
when Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole, he seemed to have the championship won.
when the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot, he overshot the hole by 15 feet.
with that possibility in mind, Arkansas' Wilbur Mills deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the Committee on Committees, and coolheaded Democrats sought to bring Rayburn and Smith together again to work out some sort of face-saving compromise.
" it has to be easier with two of them.
" see that kid"?
" that's [ Yogi ] Berra's.
" to tell you the truth", Maris said," Mickey do n't talk much".
" what do you and Mickey talk about at home"?
#DOUBLE THREAT:# Always, in the abortive attacks upon Ruth's record, one man alone- a Jimmy Foxx ( 58 in 1932 ) or a Hank Greenberg ( 58 in 1938 ) or a Hack Wilson ( 56 in 1930)- made the bid.
#LIGHT READING:# Neither Mantle nor Maris need fear being classified an intellectual, but lately Mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual opus, Henry Miller's" Tropic of Cancer".
#ROOMMATES:# Neither Mantle nor Maris, understandably, will predict 60 home runs for himself.
( 2 ) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game;
( 3 ) the Milwaukee Braves tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them;
)" even on the basis of 154 games, this is the ideal situation", insists Hank Greenberg, now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox.
I 'll never forget one time I struck out three times, dropped a fly ball, and we lost the game.
I came back, sitting by my locker, feeling real low, and the kid walks over to me, looks up, and says: ' you stunk '".
Mantle and Cerv use the twin beds in the bedroom;
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking- or, for that matter, to private speaking.
Mantle so appreciated Miller's delicate literary style that he broadened teammates' minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips.
Mantle, Maris, and Bob Cerv, a utility outfielder, share an apartment in Jamaica, Long Island, not far from New York International Airport.
Mantle, Maris, and Cerv probably share one major-league record already: among them, they have fifteen children- eight for Cerv, four for Mantle, and three for Maris.
Mantle, more concerned with dress, buys his suits four at a time at Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and pays as much as $250 each.
Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson 's in New York.
Maris sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room.
Maris, in talking to reporters, tries to answer all questions candidly and fully, but on rare occasions, he shuns newsmen.
a reporter asked Maris recently.
after 108 games in 1927, Ruth had 35 home runs.
after 108 games in 1961, Mickey Mantle has 43, Roger Maris 41.
all Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September, and he will establish a new record.
although both concede they would like to hit 60, they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard quote:" the important thing is to win the pennant".
and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat, two of them as a pinch-hitter.
as halfbacks, both came close to playing football at the University of Oklahoma (" Sometimes in the minors", Maris recalls," I wished I had gone to Oklahoma" ).
as roommates, teammates, and home-run mates, Mantle, 29, who broke in with the Yankees ten years ago, and Maris, 26, who came to the Yankees from Kansas City two years ago, have strikingly similar backgrounds.
baseball commissioner Ford Frick has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games.
both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds, but Mantle, incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1 neck ), looks bigger.
both have blue eyes and short blond hair.
both were scholastic stars in football, basketball, and baseball ( Mantle in Commerce, Okla&, Maris in Fargo, N&D& );
but last week, when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker, Mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote.
but now, for the first time since Lou Gehrig ( with 47 home runs ) spurred Ruth on in 1927, two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60.
but one thing is for certain: there is no dissension between Mantle, the American League 's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957, and Maris, the MVP in 1960.
each enjoys seeing the other hit home runs (" I hope Roger hits 80", Mantle says ), and each enjoys even more seeing himself hit home runs (" and I hope I hit 81" ).
experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion.
extend Mantle's and Maris's present paces over the full 1961 schedule of 162 games, and, mathematically, each will hit more than 60 home runs.
he said, pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy.
how can you walk Maris to get to Mantle"?
in Ruth's day- and until this year- the schedule was 154 games.
in the final month of the 1927 season, he hit seventeen home runs, a closing spurt never matched.
it is the year when ( 1 ) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and, in unprecedented style, delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs;
of all the records in peril, one stands apart, dramatic in its making, dramatic in its endurance, and now, doubly dramatic in its jeopardy.
of the two, Mantle is by nature the less outgoing, Maris the more outspoken.
pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats, the shrinking strike zone, and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal.
since 1927, fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each, in turn, has been thwarted.
the sluggers get along so well in fact, that with their families at home for the summer ( Mantle 's in Dallas, Maris 's in Kansas City ), they are rooming together.
the three pay $251 a month for four rooms ( kitchen, dining room, living room, and bedroom ), with air-conditioning and new modern furniture.
their names are Mantle and Maris, their team is the Yankees, and their threat is real.
they divide up the household chores: Cerv does most of the cooking ( breakfast and sandwich snacks, with dinner out ), Mantle supplies the transportation ( a white 1961 Oldsmobile convertible ), and Maris drives the 25-minute course from the apartment house to Yankee Stadium.
this is Baseball 1961.
this is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
this is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them.
this is the year home runs ranged from the sublime to the ridiculous.
this, of course, is baseball 's most remarkable mark: the 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure, the incredible athlete, George Herman ( Babe ) Ruth of the Yankees.
to an extent, the two even look alike.
to better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
what is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris, under constant pressure from writers and photographers, are trying to be cooperative.
what ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
whatever the reasons, not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records, home-run division.
with their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders, both must have their clothes made to order.
" I 'm a slob", he announced.
" I appreciate beauty".
" my taste is gaudy.
#BREAK IN GEORGIA# The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race or color.
@ ## Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U&S& Senate, then went their respective ways.
@ ## One of Nikita Khrushchev 's most enthusiastic eulogizers, the U&S&S&R& 's daily < Izvestia >, enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian { Charlie Chaplin } at his Swiss villa, where he has been in self-exile since 1952.
@ ## The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current bobby-sox idol, Dreamboat Cacophonist { Fabian } ( real name: Fabian Forte ), 17, and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while.
@ ## To Decathlon Man { Rafer Johnson } ( TIME cover, Aug& 29 ), whose gold medal in last summer's Olympic Games was won as much on gumption as talent, went the A&A&U&'s James E& Sullivan Memorial Trophy as the outstanding U&S& amateur athlete of 1960.
@ ## Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix, Britain's balding Ace Driver { Stirling Moss }, 31, all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination.
Chaplin, 71, who met K& when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956, confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because" I have marveled at your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future".
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University.
Charlayne was" tentatively" admitted for next fall, after state investigators questioned her white roommate at Wayne State.
Holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution, or a" beatnik parlor or teahouse".
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College, where he is a B + student and star halfback.
I 'm ruddy lazy, and I 'm getting on in years.
I 'm useless for anything but racing cars.
Pittsburgh turned him down, just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years.
South Philadelphia High's principal added that the current delay was caused by the" pressure" of a movie that the toneless lad was making.
Thompson himself said:" I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures".
a few of these people are still around".
all these he hung in his burglarproof home called Stone's Throw, outside Pittsburgh, and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them.
as the world's top sportsman- pro or amateur- SPORTS ILLUSTRATED tapped golf's confident Arnold Palmer ( TIME cover, May 2 ), who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U&S& Open crowns, went on to win a record $80,738 for the year.
at a reception for new members of Congress, Oregon Democrat { Maurine Neuberger }, taking the Senate seat held by her husband Richard until his death last March, got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman Adlai Stevenson, U&S& Ambassador-designate to the U&N&.
at the opening of the Du^sseldorf show, Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time.
but Holmes was rejected again" on the basis of his record and interview".
but he insisted that it be housed in a special museum.
but in all its 175 years, not a single Negro student has entered its classrooms.
even before he hit big money, he had begun buying modern paintings.
for 18 months, Hamilton Holmes, 19, and Charlayne Hunter, 18, had tried to get into the university.
g& David Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels, but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh.
has Moss no stirling virtues?
he bought up Cezannes, Braques, Matisses, Legers, a splendid Picasso series, more than 70 Giacometti sculptures.
he could be lavishly generous with friends, cab drivers and bellboys, but with dealers he was tough.
he gathered one of the biggest collections of Paul Klees in the world.
he gave the impression of never having read a word about art, but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best.
he made his fortune during World War 2, when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom.
he might barge into a gallery, start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting.
he was able to smell a bargain- and a masterpiece- a continent away, and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him:" I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson did n't know about".
he went then to a 40-year-old Basel art dealer named Ernst Beyeler, with whom he had long been trading pictures.
in fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
it gets so frustrating, but then again I do n't know what I could do if I gave up racing".
lacking his needed credits in those subjects, Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week.
last fall, after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court, Judge Bootle ordered them to apply again.
last week Federal District Judge William A& Bootle ordered the university to admit immediately a" qualified" Negro boy and girl.
last week most of the other prizes, once offered to Pittsburgh, went on the block.
last week, in the German city of Du^sseldorf, G& David Thompson was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause.
last year Beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built.
like Philadelphia's late Dr& Albert C& Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( TIME, Jan& 2 ), Thompson, at 61, is something of a legend in his own lifetime.
meanwhile, after 24 years in the Senate, Rhode Island's durable Democrat { Theodore Francis Greene}- having walked, swum and cerebrated himself to the hearty age of 93- left that august body ( voluntarily, because he could surely have been re-elected had he chosen to run again last November ), as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate.
no, said he, but officials still called him" evasive".
on display were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection- and every single one of them was up for sale.
some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town.
speaking of" pride", he deplored the noncommissioned officer" whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940;
the evidence in court was testimony about the interview, which for Holmes lasted an hour, although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation.
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window.
the principal of the school announced that- despite the help of private tutors in Hollywood and Philadelphia- Fabian is a 10-o 'clock scholar in English and mathematics.
the university rejected them on a variety of pretexts, but was careful never to mention the color of their skins.
their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education, from kindergarten through graduate school, in Georgia- and in Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina as well.
their reason: Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine, had his license suspended.
then Charlie spooned out some quick impressions of the Nikita he had glimpsed:" I was captivated by his humor, frankness and good nature and by his kind, strong and somewhat sly face".
there the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth, a reputation for eccentricity, and an ardor for collecting art.
they also said he lied in saying that he had never been" arrested".
they graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School, where Valedictorian Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third.
two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
## On July 14 the Security Council- with France and Great Britain abstaining- voted the resolution which drew the U&N& into the Congo.
#THE PRESIDENCY: TALKING AND LISTENING# Though President John F& Kennedy was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser McCloy's unexpected report from Khrushchev, his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U&S& foreign policy last week.
( however, there is little evidence that the late Lumumba was a Communist.
) Lumumba further complicated the U&N&'s mission by initiating small" wars" with the secessionist province of Katanga and with South Kasai which, under Albert Kalonji, wanted to secede as well.
).
>" ( Not one drop of blood!
Lumumba and Kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians, and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them.
Lumumba fired Kasavubu.
Mobutu promptly flung out the Russians, who have not since played any significant part on the local scene, although they have redoubled their obstructionist efforts at U&N& headquarters in New York.
President Kasavubu became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him.
Secretary-General Hammarskjo^ld decided that it would be preferable if the U&N& troops sent into the Congo were to come from African, or at least nonwhite, nations- certainly not from the U&S&, Russia, Great Britain or France.
a final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo, immediately after independence, was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration.
although the resolution might have been far more specific, it was considerably tougher than the earlier one.
and fourth, there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up.
as the time for independence approached there were in the Congo no fewer than 120 political parties, or approximately eight for each university graduate.
before appealing to the U&N& or to Russia, he first appealed to the U&S& for military help, and was rejected.
but by the end of the three-month period, in October 1960, something approaching calm settled on the Congo.
but they left behind them large numbers of officers, variously called" volunteers" or" mercenaries", who now staff the army of Moise Tshombe in Katanga, the seceded province which, according to Tshombe, holds 65% of the mineral wealth of the entire country.
confusion became chaos;
control of the government- such control as there was and such government as there was- passed into the hands of Joseph Mobutu, chief of staff of the Congolese army.
during the five-month lull, civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo.
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence.
first, there were those Congolese ( among them Joseph Kasavubu ) who favored splitting the country into small independent states, Balkanizing it.
from October 1960 to February 1961, the U&N& forces in the Congo took little action.
he quickly called on Ghana, Tunisia, Morocco, Guinea and Mali, which dispatched troops within hours.
high up on the President's priority list was the thorny question of Bizerte.
however, the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting.
ideally, the President would like the French to agree on a" status quo ante" on Bizerte, and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base.
if internal frictions arose, they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army, the < Force Publique >, which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians.
in February the murder of Patrice Lumumba, who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe, again stirred the U&N& to action.
it also urged that the U&N& eject, and prevent the return of, all Belgian and other foreign military and political advisers;
it is hard to blame them for this.
it took the U&N& three months to bring a modest form of order to the Congo.
meanwhile Russia took every opportunity to meddle in the Congo, sending Lumumba equipment for his" wars", dispatching" technicians" and even threatening, on occasion, to intervene openly.
on Feb& 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of" all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo, including **h the use of force, if necessary, in the last resort".
on July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga, Moise Tshombe, announced that his province had seceded from the country.
on this issue, the President received a detailed report from his U&N& Ambassador Adlai Stevenson, who had just returned from Paris, and Mr& Kennedy asked Stevenson to search for a face-saving way- for both Paris and Tunis- out of the imbroglio.
ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death;
presently the well-armed members of the < Force Publique > - many of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes, erupted in mutiny, rioting, raping and looting.
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted, they would wash their hands of the mess.
second, there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization, a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority, with much power residing in the states.
terror engulfed the thousands of Belgian civilians who had remained in the country.
the Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable Western-style form of government: there were to be a president and a premier, and a bicameral legislature elected by universal suffrage in the provinces.
the Belgian government decided to act, and on July 10 dispatched paratroops to the Congo.
the Belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops and often obstructed U&N& efforts.
the Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested pedagogue;
the Belgians- at least officially- departed from the Congo as well, withdrawing all of their uniformed troops.
the President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No& 2 man in the Tunisian Government, Defense Minister Bahi Ladgham, who flew to Washington last week to seek U&S& support.
the conversation apparently convinced Mr& Kennedy that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable.
the president, Joseph Kasavubu, seemed an able administrator and the premier, Patrice Lumumba, a reasonable man.
the wildly erratic nature of Patrice Lumumba caused constant problems- he frequently announced that he wanted the U&N& to get out of the Congo along with the Belgians, and appealed to Russia for help.
there was no directive for it- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters, and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation, whether to unify it, federalize it or Balkanize it.
there were four principal ones.
they had divided the Congo into six provinces- Leopoldville, Kasai, Kivu, Katanga, Equator and Eastern- unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings.
third, there were those ( notably Patrice Lumumba ) who favored a unified Congo with a very strong central government.
through Ladgham, Mr& Kennedy sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba;
thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other, and to them independence meant an opportunity for war.
to continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems, Mr& Kennedy invited stevenson to Cape Cod for the weekend.
twenty-four hours after independence the wild tribesmen commenced fighting each other.
ultimately the U&N& army in the Congo reached a top strength of 19,000, including about 5,000 from India and a few soldiers from Eire and Sweden, who were the only whites.
urged the reconvention of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army.
vague in wording, it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General" to take the necessary steps **h to provide the [ Congolese ] Government with such military assistance as may be necessary, until, through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations, the national security forces may be able, in the opinion of the Government, to meet fully their tasks **h".
well-wishers around the world hoped that the Congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations.
yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless.
#CONGRESS: MORE MUSCLE# Taking precedence over all other legislation on Capitol Hill last week was the military strength of the nation.
#FOOD: STEW A LA MULLIGATAWNY# Most members of the U&S& Senate, because they are human, like to eat as high on the hog as they can.
#SLOW SUCCESSES.# Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do.
#SWELLING TRAFFIC.# A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period- ending in February or March- shows what is happening.
#TAX-FREE RETURNS.# Investors, however, still see an element of more-than-ordinary risk in the toll-road bonds.
( Bearden reportedly hoped to peddle the plane to Castro, and live high in Cuba.
( the Senate, on its own, decided to provide additional B-52 and other long-range bombers for the Strategic Air Command.
) back home in Coolidge, Ariz&, his 36-year-old wife, Mary, said:" I thought they were going to Phoenix to look for jobs".
) the House, which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more, was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order.
@ The Senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health, welfare, and labor activities.
Gilman started talking to him until he saw his chance.
Simmons and Crosby jumped the boy and it was all over".
and there is the bright note: the gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession.
and this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to, or beyond, the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds.
another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds.
as a result of the new outlook for turnpikes, investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments.
as a result, ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building, the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food- even while they opposed every move that might improve it.
as a result, the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were 186 per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds.
but plain old bean soup, served daily since the turn of the century ( at the insistence of the late Sen& Fred Dubois of Idaho ), made clear to the citizenry that the Senate's stomach was in the right place.
but, because they are politicians, they like to talk as poor-mouth as the lowliest voter.
costs were held down, despite a bitter winter.
debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill, with its controversial long-range proposals, had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend.
for investors whose income is taxed at high rates, though, a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high.
for the year, the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs, against 121 per cent in the preceding period.
frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p&m&, the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines.
he caught officer Simmons' eye, nodded toward young Bearden, and-" I swung my right as hard as I could.
higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues }.
however, in the same three-month period, toll-road bonds, as a group, have bucked this trend.
in a daring stroke, the Senate ventured forth last week into the world of haute cuisine and hired a $10,000-per-year French-born maitre d' hotel.
in all, the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion, which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President Kennedy, but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for.
in other areas, Congressional action last week included: @ The Senate ( by voice vote ) and the House ( by 224-170 ) passed and sent to the White House the compromise farm bill which the President is expected to sign, not too unhappily.
in the 12 months ended in February, 1960, the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves.
indication: the long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward.
individual senators, with an eye to the voters back home, occasionally introduced smelts from Michigan, soft-shell crabs from Maryland, oysters from Washington, grapefruit from Florida.
it 's not much more, in fact, than the return that is offered on U& S& Treasury bonds.
it is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried investor with more than $16,000 of income to be taxed, or for a married couple with more than $32,000 of taxed income.
look, for example, at the Ohio Turnpike.
many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter.
many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent, or very close to that.
nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period.
on balance, prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then.
on these bonds, price rises since February 21 easily outnumber price declines.
operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961, but up for the 12 months ending in March.
other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21, according to Standard + Poor's average.
over the years, enlivened chiefly by disputes about the relative merits of Maine and Idaho potatoes, the menu has pursued its drab all-American course.
that 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds.
that added traffic means rising streams of dimes and quarters at toll gates.
that same pattern of earnings shows up on the Massachusetts Turnpike.
that was up from 173 per cent in the preceding 12 months.
the 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway, for example, was not opened over its entire length until December, 1958.
the Senate put other business aside as it moved with unaccustomed speed and unanimity to pass- 85 to 0- the largest peacetime defense budget in U&S& history.
the report is based on a survey by Blyth + Company, investment bankers.
the road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston.
the" hold-back", as Pentagon mutterers labeled it, apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and, thus, the new funds spent prudently.
then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues- after operating costs.
things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds.
traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing.
traffic on that road slumped sharply in January and February, as compared with those same months in 1960.
white House legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact.
with the money all but in hand, however, the Administration indicated that, instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested, the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000.
you find the evidence of that in the chart on this page.
{ holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes }.
{ long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward.
{ result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative }.
## @ Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U&S& coal miners.
## TO SET up a co-operative library system, the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus, and the system is organized around it.
< U&S& coal is cheap, > despite high wages, because of widespread mechanization of mines, wide coal seams, attactive rates on ocean freight.
< Virginia coal, > delivered by ship in Wales, will be about $2.80 a ton cheaper than Welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines.
< Welsh coal miners, > Communist-led, are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American coal.
< government research > will look into new products and methods.
< import quotas are n't ruled out > where the national interest is involved.
< productivity of U&S& miners > is twice that of the British.
< special depreciation > on new textile machinery may be allowed.
< steel Company of Wales, > a British steelmaker, wants to bring in Virginia coal, cut down on its takings of Welsh coal in order to be able to compete more effectively- especially in foreign markets.
EVERY library borrower, or at least those whose taste goes beyond the five-cent fiction rentals, knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically," I 'm sorry, but we do n't have that book.
East Meadow has philosophy, psychology, and religion;
Freeport houses social science, pure science, and language;
Levittown has applied science, business, and literature;
Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters, which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965.
a large, well-stocked library, surrounded in a county by smaller ones, may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great.
a small library may cherish its independence and established ways, and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board.
a startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually, which includes the librarian's salary, and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs- this in the world's richest city.
all services are given without cost to members.
an earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not, as they saw fit.
at one extreme are the systems of upper New York State, where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large, sparsely populated area.
at the other are organizations like the newly formed Nassau Library System, in a high-density area, with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to serve.
basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection, but there is also specialization in science and technology, an indicated weakness in local libraries.
because it is so large a state, with marked contrasts in population density, the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works.
behind this reply, and its many variations, is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face, from the largest to the smallest.
both these types, and those in between, are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950, with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state.
but the Kennedy Administration < does n't favor > import quotas.
confronted with this situation, most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have, or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds.
each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area, which headquarters could then build upon.
each system develops differently, according to the area it serves, but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum efficiency.
headquarters gets about 100 requests every day.
history, biography, and education are centered in Hempstead;
in Nassau County, for example, the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City, the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons, a figure that has doubled since 1950.
in some parts of the country, however, a co-operative movement has begun to grow, under the wing of state governments, whereby, with the financial help of the state, libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis.
it is connected by teletype with the State Library in Albany, which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide.
it was a step in the right direction, but it took an additional act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today.
many of the coal seams in the nationalized British mines are twisting, narrow and very deep.
most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate.
new York State has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems, so well developed that it has become a model for others to follow.
on microfilm, headquarters also has a file of the < New York Times > from its founding in 1851 to the present day, as well as bound volumes of important periodicals.
rather, they are impressed with the British Government's success in forcing- and helping- the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products.
so obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of New York State now has access to a system, and enthusiastic librarians foresee the day, not too distant, when all the libraries in the state will belong to a co-op.
some library boards are wary of the plan.
the British Government will have to decide whether to let U&S& coal in.
the British coal industry is unprofitable, has large coal stocks it can n't sell.
the Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service, what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge, and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area.
the basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served, and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita, if a library spends a certain number of dollars.
the books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries.
the collection may be in an existing library, or it may be built up in a central collection.
the entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on interlibrary loans.
the local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program, facilities, and services, but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system.
the major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building, and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers.
the need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries, adequate to satisfy everyday needs, could afford.
the plight of a small community library is proportionately worse.
there would n't be much demand for it, I 'm afraid".
they threaten to strike.
this system, by virtue of its variety and size, offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation.
under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts.
what 's happening in textiles can be < handwriting on the wall > for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries.
what to buy for adult and child readers, for lovers of fiction and nonfiction, for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified, when your budget is pitifully small?
what to buy out of the year's grist of nearly 15,000 book titles?
while Hewlett-Woodmere is the repository of art, music, and foreign languages.
within a system, however, the autonomy of each member library is preserved.
yet U&S& coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water.
#MUST BERLIN REMAIN DIVIDED?# The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city.
#START ON RAPID TRANSIT# High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway, operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John, Glen Echo and Brookmont, would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city.
El Benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth.
Georgia has made some reforms, true.
Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a $1,750,000 budget increase for the Milledgeville State Hospital.
Kansas, regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill, spends $9 per day per patient.
Rafael Trujillo, the often-blood thirsty dictator of the Dominican Republic for 31 years, perhaps deserved his fate in an even-handed appraisal of history.
Trujillo knew a great deal about assassination.
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative, right-wing lines.
actually it amounts to $1,250,000 above what the institution already is receiving, considering the additional half-million dollars Gov& Vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus.
after the Berlin blockade and airlift, the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose" to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of Berlin".
another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken glass.
because the buses would not stop on the parkway, land for bus stations and for parking areas nearby will be needed.
but after the censure he and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans.
but exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing.
but in so many other areas we still are dragging.
but the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition.
but whether the murder of El Benefactor in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean fiefdom is a question that cannot now be answered.
considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done, it behooves the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted.
either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is.
even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year, Georgia will be spending only around $3.15 per day per patient.
for some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas.
for that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help.
he had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as President Romulo Betancourt of Venezuela.
he maintained amply financed lobbies in the United States and elsewhere which sycophantically chanted his praise, and his influence extended even to Congress.
in presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council, the administrator of the NCTA, C& Darwin Stolzenbach, was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching.
it is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization.
it was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the Venezuelan government, reportedly involving the use of Dominican arms by former Venezuelan Dictator Marcos Perez Jimenez, has been uncovered and quashed.
it was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) zones for occupation by Soviet, American, British, and French troops respectively.
last year, after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean, the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him.
more attendants, nurses and doctors should be hired.
one ground of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist" vopos" try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents.
patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability, but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger.
so far as the record is concerned, the Western powers have not acquiesced and should not do so.
such a twist would be a tragedy for the Dominican people, who deserve to breathe without fear.
such support should not be difficult to come by if all the plans to be presented by the NCTA are as attractive as this outline of express buses coming into the downtown area.
tardily the Government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was tarnished by the association with repression.
that this and the closing of the East Berlin-West Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain, France, and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin.
the British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities" to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany".
the Chancellor had as much business there as Ulbricht had in East Berlin- and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile sound-truck taunts of Gerhard Eisler.
the Dominican Republic could turn toward Communist-type authoritarianism as easily as toward Western freedom.
the Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation, and all alternative leadership has been suppressed.
the NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress.
the boost is helpful but inadequate.- @ #THE END OF TRUJILLO# Assassination, even of a tyrant, is repulsive to men of good conscience.
the firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning.
the intensive treatment program is working well.
the jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure.
the national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low.
the practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished.
the recent history of the Dominican Republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a professedly benevolent dictatorship tends to become oppressive.
the responsibility for scores of deaths, including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez, a professor at Columbia University in New York, has been laid at his door.
the wartime protocol of September 12, 1944, designated a special" Greater Berlin" area, comprising the entire city, to be under joint occupation.
the work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced.
then they moved offices of the East German puppet government into East Berlin and began illegally to treat it as the capital of East Germany.
there remains, of course, the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts.
there was considerable evidence of a tacit rapprochement with Castro in Cuba, previously a < bete noire > to Trujillo- thus illustrating the way in which totalitarianism of the right and left coalesces.
thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines.
they insisted on the" fundamental fact" that" the whole of Berlin has a quadripartite status".
this is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact.
though Walter Ulbricht, by grace of Soviet tanks, may be head man in East Germany, that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone.
unquestionably Trujillo did some good things for his country: he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation, attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living notably.
until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the United States had been an article of faith with Trujillo, and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character.
what comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle.
# UN OFF THE CONGO TRACK# Thirteen Italian airmen who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends.
#a GOOD MAN DEPARTS GOODBY, MR& SAM# Sam Rayburn was a good man, a good American, and, third, a good Democrat.
#a VOTE FOR EDUCATIONAL TV# The Senate's overwhelming ( 64-13 ) vote to support locally controlled educational TV efforts should be emulated in the lower house.
Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave, for he was never loquacious, and his word, once given, was not subject to retraction.
Woodrow Wilson, with whom he began his years in Washington, Warren G& Harding, Calvin Coolidge, FDR, with whom he managed a social revolution.
a growl, a nod, was usually enough.
and it was the House he loved.
and those still with us, Herbert C& Hoover, Harry S& Truman, Dwight D& Eisenhower and John F& Kennedy.
as it was, his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration.
but this year prospects may be better.
but, lacking money from commercial sponsors, the stations have had difficulties meeting expenses or improving their service.
does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it?
further, it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned.
he expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them.
he kept his attacks on Republicanism for partisan campaigns, but that is part of the game he was born to play.
he served" with" him.
he spoke briefly, sensibly, to the point and without oratorical flourishes He made good, plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it.
he was a fighter for those of his own party.
he was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure;
he was his own man, not an automatic obstructionist.
he was no flaming liberal, yet the New Deal, the Fair Deal and the New Frontier needed him.
he was not a rear-looking conservative, yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any.
he would rise in the well of the House, his chin upon his chest, his hands gripping the side of a desk, and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence.
his leadership was not for audiences.
in 18 months, no more grisly incident has been reported from that jungle.
in other words, atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned, had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga.
it happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government, which is itself a fiction, demonstrably incapable of governing, and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it.
it might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs.
last, it makes no sense to deliver Katanga, the one reasonably solid territory, into the existing chaos.
mass rapes, troop mutinies, uncontrolled looting and pillage and reckless military adventures, given no sanction by any political authority, have become almost daily occurrences.
mr& Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label.
mr& Speaker, Mr& Sam, and Mr& Democrat, at one and the same time.
mr& Truman has only to recall the" hopeless" campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr& Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr& Sam been there.
other communities- the ones to be aided most by the Senate bill- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment.
right now, they are pushing a resolution which would have UN use its forces to invade and subjugate Katanga.
simply out of bloodlust, their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river.
sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death.
that notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view.
the Congo should have been mandated, because it was not ready for independence.
the House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds.
the House was his habitat and there he flourished, first as a young representative, then as a forceful committee chairman, and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth, Speaker of the House, and second most powerful man in Washington.
the Senate to him was not the" upper body" and he corrected those who said he served" under" the president.
the UN army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
the demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical.
the excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries.
the funds would be used for equipment, not for land, buildings, or operation.
the idea was not even suggested because political expediency prevailed over wisdom.
the main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms?
the probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa.
the relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value.
there are only two men remaining in Congress who, with Rayburn, voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917.
these public efforts were rare because Mr& Rayburn normally did his counseling, persuading and educating long before an issue reached its test on the House floor.
this year's Senate measure would provide each state and the District of Columbia with $1,000,000 to be used in support of private, state, or municipal ETV efforts.
to almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr& Sam coincided with that of the House }.
to be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition.
to the contrary, through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence.
twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing ETV and the House has let them die.
two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word.
under any name- Mr& Speaker, Mr& Democrat, Mr& Sam- he was a good man.
when it was not, one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented.
with Republican presidents, he fought fair.
with his long service he had a long memory, an excellent thing in a political leader.
yet this basic condition of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of Katanga.
{ he was, of course, in the House for a very long time.
" no complaints or charges have been filed during the past year, either verbally or written, from any individual or group.
" the committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights".
" the established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all areas", reported this group headed by Harold Colee of Jacksonville and including two South Floridians, William D& Singer and John B& Turner of Miami.
" the people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them.
#BETTER ASK BEFORE JOINING# AMERICANS are a nation of joiners, a quality which our friends find endearing and sometimes amusing.
#CLOSED DOORS IN CITY HALL# The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest anti-secrecy laws was as dismaying as it was disappointing.
#WEST GERMANY REMAINS WESTERN# WEST GERMANY will face the crucial tests that lie ahead, on Berlin and unification, with a coalition government.
#a SHORT REPORT AND A GOOD ONE# PROGRESS, or lack of it, toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive 689-page compilation issued last week by the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
Chancellor Adenauer's Christian Democratic Party slipped only a little in the voting but it was enough to lose the absolute Bundestag majority it has enjoyed since 1957.
FALLING somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas- difficult to see but undeniably there, nevertheless- is the tropical green" city" of Islandia, a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents, limited access and an unlimited future.
Interama, as it rises, will be a living monument to Greater Miami's ability to get together on worthwhile enterprises.
West Berlin's Mayor Brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it.
West Germany, with its industrial and military might, reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations.
_2._ Does it attack other traditional American institutions with unsupportable and wild charges?
_3._ Does it put the label of un-American or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically?
_4._ Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by blaming American statesmen for wars, communism, depression, and other troubles of the world?
_5._ Does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing campaigns?
_6._ Do its spokesmen seem more interested in the amount of money they collect than in the principles they purport to advocate?
according to The Chicago Tribune News Service, State Atty& Gen& Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name: _1._ Does it assail schools and churches with blanket accusations?
and the career of Konrad Adenauer, who upheld Germany's tradition of rock-like leaders which Bismarck began, draws near the end.
and until this protection is at least as concrete as, say, the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach, those who represent us all should agree to nothing.
and what you can n't see, the land underneath the water, belongs to someone, too.
both Willy Brandt's Social Democrats, who gained 22 seats in the new parliament, and the Free Democrats, who picked up 23, will insist on that before they enter the government.
but it can be dangerous if the joiner does n't want to make a spectacle of himself.
county officials have cooperated consistently.
each state advisory committee documented its own activity.
for instance, so-called" conservative" organizations, some of them secret, are sprouting in the garden of joining where" liberal" organizations once took root.
he is dedicated to building the nation's strength and, as are all West Germans, to a free Berlin and to reunion with captive East Germany.
if he becomes chancellor, Dr& Erhart would make few changes.
if the party of Adenauer and Erhart, with 45 per cent of the vote, approaches the party of Willy Brandt, which won 36 per cent, the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve.
if the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time.
in order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength.
in some instances a seventh question can be added: _7._ Does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government, political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American system?
in the fairly brief but hectic history of Florida, the developers of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours.
in the preamble to the open-meeting statutes, collectively known as the Brown Act, the Legislature declares that" the public commissions, boards and councils and other public agencies in this state exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business.
in this instance, happily, insistence is being made that our share is protected.
inevitably this means some compromise.
it could go either way, since the gains for both points of view were about the same.
it is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed.
it is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly.
moon-faced Ludwig Erhart, the economic expert, probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him.
much happened in this field during the past 12 months.
one specific example is a secret" fraternity" which will" coordinate anti-Communist efforts".
problems have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint.
regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
so have the people 's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels.
some accounts are quite lengthy but Florida's is the shortest of all, requiring only four paragraphs.
the City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project.
the Free Democrats ( 12 per cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union, and more dealings with the Communist bloc.
the aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired.
the balance is being budgeted for the coming year.
the latter is what concerns us all.
the only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment.
the principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get gulled.
the progress reported by the advisory committee is real.
the public.
the question left by the election is whether West Germany veers slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility.
the wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise.
this is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election.
unanimity on Interama is not surprising.
we had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide, and, therefore, had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public.
what is in doubt as the free Germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result.
whatever land you can see here, from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward, belongs to someone- people who have title to the land.
while some think we move too fast and others too slowly, Florida's record is a good one and stands out among the 50.
" I have to see the facts", is the way the prince puts it.
#BOTTOM SIGHTED# @ COMMERCE Secretary Hodges seems to have been cast in the role of pacemaker for official Washington's economic forecasters.
@ #IN NEW JERSEY, TOO# @ NEW JERSEY folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea, for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain.
@ #LITTLE RESISTANCE# @ CAMBODIA 'S chief of state, who has been accused of harboring Communist marauders and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and Thailand, insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast Asia.
@ #NO JOYRIDE# @ MUCH of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver, the head corpsman.
@ Politics-ridden St& Clair county in Illinois presents another piece of the problem of metropolitan development.
@ The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr& Ellis has been talking about.
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market, where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average.
February's volume was 1 per cent above January 's for the first pickup since last October, although it 's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960.
Prince Sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions.
against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline, the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant.
and from that point of vantage he concedes another two years of grace to nations maintaining a pro-Western posture.
and now Mr& Hodges has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point.
and the pay, of course, will be nil.
and then there is St& Louis county, where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning, of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth.
another optimistic sign, this one from the Labor Department, was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments" was interrupted for the first time in the week ending Feb& 25".
another would be to take the advice of Dr& Elmer Ellis, president of the University of Missouri, and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy.
anybody who is expecting a joyride should, according to Mr& Shriver, get off the train right now.
but Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves.
but for those which do, the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core.
but preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern, for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country.
but so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince Sihanouk that he is ready to throw in the towel.
but that heritage is shrinking even faster.
but there is hope, for Conservation Commissioner Bontempo has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space.
by comparison, Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable, for aside from the Audubon Society, they are mostly the snowy, common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana, green, little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there.
corroborating Mr& Hodges' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4.
despite all this, the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else.
first of all, the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling.
gov& Dalton's new Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry.
he and Dean John W& Schwada of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference.
he is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump.
he says the state, in order to proceed with economic development, must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy.
in Newark, for example, this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level.
in Southern Illinois, the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth.
initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4.
it will be a 16-hour training day.
metropolitan St& Louis 's relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political, business, civic and other leaders on both sides of the Mississippi.
more industrial acreage lies vacant in St& Clair county than in any other jurisdiction in the St& Louis area.
mr& Hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he does n't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes.
not all St& Louis industries, of course, have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood.
now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary, 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons, is threatened, but the battlefront extends far beyond our state.
of course, some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960.
prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut.
public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing.
recently Treasury Secretary Dillon and Labor Secretary Goldberg fell into line with Mr& Hodges' appraisal, though there has been some reluctance to do so at the White House.
slackened regional demand for St& Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power.
some plant-location specialists take these signs to mean St& Louis county does n't want industry, and so they avoid the area, and more jobs are lost.
st& Louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform, and permitted parochial interests to take priority over area-wide interests.
st& Louis sits in the center of a relatively slow-growing and in some places stagnant mid-continent region.
that is one approach.
the Carbondale Industrial Development Corp& has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs.
the Federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on Missouri 's depressed areas, and in the long run that will benefit St& Louis as well.
the University can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study.
the city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois.
the desirability of preserving such places as the Cape dunes and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year.
the economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can n't be blamed in November.
the move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of Cape Cod, from Provincetown to Chatham, is strengthened by President Kennedy's interest in that area.
the odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared.
the secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales.
the study of the St& Louis area's economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St& Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the Missouri-Illinois countryside.
the unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the East Side.
then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet, culture, language and living conditions will be different.
weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement.
well, we can n't have everything.
#INTER-AMERICAN PRESS# The Inter-american Press Association, which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn, is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years.
#MEETING IN MOSCOW# The Twenty-second Soviet Communist Party Congress opens in Moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced.
#THE U& N& 'S ' GRAVEST CRISIS '# Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U& N&'s problem of electing a temporary successor to the late Dag Hammarskjold as" the gravest crisis the institution has faced".
#WHAT THE NEW CHARTER DOES# The new City Charter, which should get a Yes vote as Question No& 1 on Nov& 7, would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one.
South Viet Nam has received $1,450,000,000 in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President Lyndon B& Johnson's visit last May.
a road block to desirable local or borough improvements, heretofore dependent on the pocketbook vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress, is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an assessment paid by those immediately affected.
according to the original program, Premier Khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the Kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or rage- depending upon individual or national politics- because of the" bold program for building communism in our time" which the Congress will adopt.
although the United States and the U& S& S& R& have been arguing whether there shall be four, five or six top assistants, the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work.
and in these days this inevitably means a concentration on the effects of the Cuban revolution.
and there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive.
as the press in Cuba was gradually throttled by the Castro regime, more and more Cuban publishers, editors and correspondents were forced into exile.
borough Presidents, while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate, lose their housekeeping functions.
but far from being concerned about whether or not Russia will have achieved Utopia by 1980, the world is watching Moscow today primarily for clues as to whether or not there will be nuclear Armageddon in the immediate future.
but it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers, remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate, increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets, and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy.
but the City Council will now share fully this budget-altering power.
but, as a second-look safeguard, each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction proceeds.
enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow.
freedom of the press was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social imbalances.
gen& Taylor, the President's special military adviser, is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure.
gov& John M& Dalton, himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government, spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly, or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained, not because of their legal talents, but because of their government influence.
he felt able to end on a note of hope.
he loses now-misplaced tax collection duties, which go to the Finance Department.
he may want additional technical help, and this should be forthcoming.
he sees evidence of fair winds for the ten-year Alliance for Progress plan with its emphasis on social reforms.
he should be, as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was, a citizen of the world.
highways go to a new Department of Highways, sewers to the Department of Public Works, such street cleaning as Borough Presidents now do ( in Queens and Richmond ) to the Sanitation Department.
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed.
if any one of them has any power to veto the Secretary General's decisions the nature of the organization will have changed.
if the decision goes wrong, it may be- as Mr& Stevenson fears-" the first step on the slippery path downhill" to a U& N& without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning.
if they give him advice when he asks it, or if they perform specified duties under his direction, the nature of the U& N& will not of necessity change.
in other words, the Secretary General is to be a nonpartisan, international servant, not a political, national one.
in such conditions all freedoms are lost.
it is a war to stay out of today, especially in view of the fact that President Ngo Dinh Diem apparently does not want United States troops.
it is probable that his recommendations will be informed and workable, and that they will not lead to involving the United States in an Asian morass.
it will also correct some injustices.
lawmaking power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the Mayor.
no group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association.
of course it is.
on net balance, in spite of Controller Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office, the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now.
overriding of mayoral veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council, and a two-thirds vote.
some fiscal changes are important.
the Charter does stipulate that" due regard" shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on" as wide a geographical basis as possible".
the Controller retains his essential" fiscal watchdog" functions;
the I& A& P& A& found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952.
the I& A& P& A& is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere;
the Secretary General must have, subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly, the power to act, to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions.
the United States and its allies have had no objection to this.
the board is diminished in both respects, while it retains control over zoning, franchises, pier leases, sale, leasing and assignment of property, and other trusteeship functions.
the board will be able to increase, decrease, add or eliminate budget items, subject to the Mayor's veto;
the capital budget, for construction of permanent improvements, becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises;
the controversy now revolves mainly around the number and geographic origin of the deputies of the Secretary General and, more particularly, around the nature of his relationship with them.
the evident contradiction between the rosy picture of Russia's progress painted by the Communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by Premier Khrushchev's Berlin policy has already led to speculation abroad that the program may be severely altered.
the expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget, and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the Mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department.
the integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be, as the Charter puts it," the chief administrative officer of the Organization", but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority" external to the Organization".
there is no such magic in man-made laws.
this Congress will see Premier Khrushchev consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years.
this is the root issue for which the United States should stand.
this will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business;
this, in more diplomatic language, is what Adlai Stevenson told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government.
thus there is a clearer division of authority, administrative and legislative.
we should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography.
what they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U& N& staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come.
what we must have, if the United Nations is to survive, is as nonpolitical, nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it, subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition.
whether it is or not, the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated.
" I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart, I have left my grudge at the altar and forgiven my neighbor".
" are n't you sure"?
" bore me"?
" does he ever bore you"?
" for if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you: but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses".
" how do you know you love somebody enough to get married"?
" we tried to settle this dispute", he said," but could never come to an agreement.
God's mercy and patience will last forever.
Henry van Dyke said," Forgive and forget if you can;
I asked, looking at her searchingly.
I asked.
I do n't know any secret recipe for certainty.
I do not know Dr& Wilson Sneed well.
I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth.
I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades.
I settled it tonight", he continued.
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait, to consider, to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important.
Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness.
Jesus not only taught forgiveness, He gave us an example of it on the cross.
Jesus saith unto him, until seventy times seven".
Luke 23:34.
Matthew 18:21-22.
Matthew 6:14-15.
a person will never have spiritual poise and inner peace as long as the heart holds a grudge.
after almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land.
and if you bore each other then, heaven help you.
be friends with your mother-in-law.
because, honey, I thought silently, there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage- long periods when you 're hopelessly stranded, together.
besides, in all honesty, I do n't know how you can be sure.
but I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St& Luke's Church in Atlanta.
but forgive anyway".
but if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage.
but when some of the squeals had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female- six girls sprawled on one bed, drinking Cokes and giggling- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute.
can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating?
does he care about things that matter to you?
finally, we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us.
for a while there was such shrill girlish commotion I could n't have made myself heard if I 'd had the equivalent of the message to Garcia.
forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love.
forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God.
her mother, now dead, was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a sobering wish to say something meaningful to her, something her mother would wish said.
in the fevered, intoxicating, breathless state of being in love the usual signposts that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured.
in the prayer Jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words," Forgive us our debts".
it also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past.
it was the oldest and toughest question young lovers have ever asked: how can you be sure?
it will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong.
jokes, cartoons and cynics to the contrary, mothers-in-law make good friends.
oh, no-o!
once Peter asked," How oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him?
one night, at the close of the evening service, he came forward, left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God.
several years ago I was his pastor.
she 's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now, although she 's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby, she is getting married.
she asked if I had other advice and, heady with success, I rushed it in, I hope not too late.
she asked.
she came back the other day to reassure me.
she has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly enchanting.
she was shocked.
then, Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is unlimited.
till seven times?
we must, first of all, be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness.
we want the past forgiven, but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future.
when a person meets God's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is forgiven.
why, he 's so darling and **h"" I mean", I went on ruthlessly," when he 's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love, is he interesting?
with all the energy of his broken body he prayed," Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do".
you cannot wear the banner of God and at the same time harbor envy, jealousy and grudges in your heart.
" Dad"!
" I like them things, too", he had said.
" it 's getting so chilly we 've lighted a fire, and we 're going to tell a round robin story- a nice, scary one.
" never happier in my life.
" of course I am", he said.
" we got one at home.
#@# Mr& Podger had thanked him gravely, and now he made use of the advice.
**h The wind moves it a little bit- you know **h".
Alacrity, the Podger cat, came by the hammock, rubbed her back briefly against it, and then, sure of a welcome, hopped up.
I do it, lots o' times- I like to lie in a hammock at night, by myself, when it 's all quiet.
I just came out here to know it".
Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights.
_DALLAS_ As the South begins another school year, national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools.
all across the South there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it.
already, at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a nonracial basis.
and as the businessmen have begun to act, a real sense of co-operation has sprung up.
another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program.
are n't you happy"?
as he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a cocoon, Mr& Podger saw that thin, attractive, freckled little face again, and hoped that the boy, too, was lying in a cool, fringed-wrapped quiet.
business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence.
desegregation is beginning in two more important Southern cities- Dallas and Atlanta.
during the summer, Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments.
each year another grade is added to the process, until finally all 12 grades are integrated.
even better, they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs.
generally, throughout the South, there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met.
hotels, for example, are ready to let down the bars.
if you 're lyin' out in the hammock at night, and it gets kinda cool- you know- you just take these sides with the fringe on- see- and wrap 'em right over you.
in Houston, there were a few incidents of friction between whites and Negroes, none of which were serious.
in Nashville, a school was dynamited.
in each case there was an initial act of violence.
in each city civic and education leaders have been working hard to get public opinion prepared to accept the inevitability of equal treatment.
in each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents.
in the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way.
it is a" stair-step" plan, in which desegregation begins in the first grade.
it is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South.
it met a serious rebuff in New Orleans, where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents.
it was part of a citywide move toward full integration.
mr& Podger heard again, at will, the voice of the auctioneer, the voices of the bidders, and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr& Podger's hammock purchase.
mr& Podger opened his cocoon and emerged, tucking Alacrity under his arm to bring her in by the fire.
mr& Podger was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and Pam burst out.
one of the most important is economic.
perhaps the most eloquent move toward removal of racial barriers has been in Dallas.
several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a nonsegregated basis.
she remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly, and Mr& Podger took her inside the fringe.
she said.
so successful has been this program, worked out by white and Negro civic leaders, that further extensions are expected in the next few months.
soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets, rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod.
the Nashville plan, incidentally, has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled South.
the program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston.
the programs do not take sides on the issue itself.
the schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done," so why not now".
the two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation.
then there had been the auction itself.
there are many causes for this change.
these programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully.
they are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order.
they insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots.
they point out simply that" it is the law of the land".
they realize that by acting in concert, rather than individually, they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation- economic and otherwise.
this co-operation has emboldened other Southern whites to add their voices to demands for peaceable accommodation.
this is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago, when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas.
we need you to start it.
why are you out here all by yourself?
you know what?
" I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal, though of course I realize he is far from that at present.
" one thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned.
" what is your experience with autistic children?
" you do n't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them.
#SINGLE-COLOR USE# _QUESTION_- < A first grader colors pictures one solid color, everything- sky, grass, boy, wagon, etc&.
#WHAT FUTURE HOLDS#" Dear Doctors: we learned this year that our older son, Daniel, is autistic.
( the" autistic" child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self.
) did his mother make him this way?
< the other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color.
> _ANSWER_- Her choice of one color means she is simply enjoying the motor act of coloring, without having reached the point of selecting suitable colors for different objects.
I know, that my son wants control and direction, but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction.
I try to give him as many normal experiences as possible.
SEEN in decorating circles of late is a renewed interest in an old art: embroidery.
a mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties.
and Walker looks stronger, seems to be throwing better than he did last year.
as a rule, the autistic child does n't enjoy physical contact with others.
as he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his" magic" thing ).
as of now, that all seems behind him.
but I do and my psychiatrist does, too.
but most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration.
but we do n't think she creates them.
certainly, most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people, but many adjust to school, even college, to jobs and even to marriage and parenthood.
for the young child this may be no more than providing food, light or movement.
fortunately, there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend, with a group of normal children.
he 's been entirely different all spring.
he 's hitting the ball hard, in the batting cage, and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year.
he pushes and straightens himself as if he can n't stand the feeling of being held.
he tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people.
he wants me to do everything for him.
he was down, hard to talk to, and far too nonchalant on the field.
how do they turn out later"?
is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these traits?
is the mother of an" autistic" child at fault?
just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme, so may some of the newest versions of embroidery.
let him bounce back, and he could really set up the staff.
many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives.
no, coloring is n't exactly something you teach a child.
of course, this is n't taking into consideration the population of Nevada and New York city, but it 's the way things look from here at this point.
only ingenuity will uncover it.
or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick.
parents have to find other ways of comforting him.
physical contact is uncomforatble for him"!
possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward multicolor schemes in rooms, which seems slated to replace the one-color look to which we have been accustomed.
she is an aggressive, nervous child.
she wrote: #TOTAL DISINTEREST#" As the mother of an autistic child who is lacking in interest and enthusiasm about almost anything, I have to manipulate my son's fingers for him when he first plays with a new toy.
should I show my daughter how things should be colored?
since little is known about autism, and almost nothing has been written for the layman, we 'd like to share one experienced mother's comments.
so far the platoons on left and right fielders do n't seem capable of carrying the load.
so, if the Orioles are to improve, Brandt, Triandos and Walker will have to do it.
some people believe she did.
sometimes she can- to a large extent- help him overcome them.
the answer is different for each autistic child, but for most there is an answer.
the mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often, by sharing her experiences, she can help other mothers with the same problem.
this immature use of crayons may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade.
this is that autistic people do n't enjoy physical contact with others- for instance, my children and I. when I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board.
this mother is quite correct.
we believe that autism, like so many other conditions of defect and deviation, is to a large extent inborn.
we did not accept the diagnosis at once, but gradually we are coming to.
we do n't think she can make her child defective, emotionally disturbed or autistic.
we think differently.
what I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible.
when different colors are used, she is just as likely to color trees purple, hair green, etc& >.
when he came to Baltimore, he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant, and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club.
you sometimes give them a little demonstration, a little guidance, and suggestions about staying inside the lines.
" Billie was really beautiful"!
" remember the French railroad baron who was going to take me floating down the Nile"?
#@# And now, for Communist listeners and readers: Moscow Radio in Russian to the USSR:" the U&S& President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race.
#@# East Berlin ( Communist ) radio in German to Germany:" a better position for negotiations is the real point of this speech.
#@# IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back.
#@# Lucius Beebe's book," Mr& Pullman's Elegant Palace Car", fills us with nostalgia, recalling days when private cars and Pullmans were extra wonderful, with fine woodwork, craftsmanship in construction, deep carpets and durable upholstery.
#@# Rembrandt's" Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer" brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night.
#@# The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the Red Army ( Pentagon ) egged on by the West Germans ( East Germans ).
#@# The death of Harold A& Stevens, oldest of the Stevens brothers, famed operators of baseball, football and race track concessions, revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history.
#@# The owner of the painting got it for $750,000, sold it for $500,000 in a market crash, and bought it back for $590,000.
#@#" Wagon Train" is reported the No& 1 TV show.
**h" Remember the night Will Rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers"?
**h" Sure, we met a barrel of rich men but it 's hard to find the real thing when you 're young, beautiful and the toast of two continents" **h" Remember Fanny Brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road"?
British common sense is proverbial.
Harold, with brothers Frank, Joe and William, took over at the death of their father, Harry M& Stevens, who put a few dollars into a baseball program, introduced the" hot dog" and paved the way for creation of a catering empire.
I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way.
Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin, neither conventional nor nuclear, and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty.
Moscow Novosti article in Russian, datelined London:" U&S& pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its apogee.
Moscow TASS in Russian datelined Sochi:" chairman Khrushchev received the U&S& President's disarmament adviser, John McCloy.
SING SING' S prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose, a fair break from parole boards.
Washington apparently decided to use an old formula, by injecting large military appropriations to speed the slow revival of the U&S& economy after a prolonged slump".
_2._ An agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors.
_3._ Specific broadening of travel rights.
_4._ The right to leave the hoosegow any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison.
_5._ Recognition of Prisoners Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant.
_6._ No warden or guard to touch lock, key or doorknob except when accompanied by a prisoners' committee with powers of veto.
_7._ State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners.
_@_ A three-day confinement week, with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation, with fringe benefits including: _1._ Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal.
a quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater, N&Y&.
after all, where else can the public see a wagon these days?
all I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room.
all this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the Ziegfeld Girls at the Beverly Hills Club.
apologies are in order from anybody who said" Are you sure you 're not making a mistake"?
as was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn, where officials of the West German government praised it".
aug& 4, 1821, nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post.
both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating" bust" of the old-fashioned American dollar.
but Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country.
but during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in 1897 Cyrus H& K& Curtis purchased it-" paper, type, and all"- for $1,000 it was a 16-page weekly filled with unsigned fiction and initialed miscellany, and with only some 2,000 subscribers.
but once the strike trend hits hoosegows, there is no telling how far it may go.
but watching Mrs& Cyril Ring, Berniece Dalton Janssen, Mrs& Robert Jarvis, Mrs& Walter Adams order low-calory seafood, no bread, I could see the Ziegfeld Girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961.
chairman Khrushchev ( Kennedy ) rattles his rockets ( sabre ) in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position.
chairman Khrushchev and John McCloy had a terrible row at Sochi.
exclaimed Vera Forbes Adams, batting lovely big eyes behind glitter rimmed glasses.
family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations.
his advisers in the Politburo ( White House ) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions, so he is not always consistent.
if there were no West Berlin problem, imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besetting the United States and its NATO partners.
in Kennedy's speech are cross currents, sensible ones and senseless ones, reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them.
in case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates, a federal arbitration board to include a" lifer" and two escapees should decide the issue.
in the middle of the century, with a circulation of 90,000, the Post was one of the most popular weeklies in the country.
inmates might even demand the 34-hour week, all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward lawyers' fees.
little more than a fine old name, valuable principally because of the Franklin tradition, the Saturday Evening Post was slow to revive.
nevertheless, it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation.
now, to translate from the Communese, this means: the" West Berlin" crisis is really an East Berlin crisis.
see, Communese is easy- once you get onto it.
some day we might see a Federation of Prison and Jail Inmates, with a leader busily trying to organize reformatory occupants, defendants out on bail, convicts opposed to probation officers, etc&.
the Soviet Union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over Berlin, and neither will its Warsaw Pact allies.
the West has no intention of attacking Russia.
the country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C& Atkinson and Charles Alexander, who had just taken over Franklin's old paper, desired a more distinctive name.
the present attempts of the politicians to contaminate ordinary Britons shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's chestnuts out of the fire by new military adventures".
the reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR, which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power, and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards.
their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere".
well, dear listeners, despite all the shouting, there will be no war over West Berlin".
when founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction, poetry, and literary essays.
whenever some Washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war clique in the Pentagon and in Bonn.
#BRACE FOR SCIATICA# @ writes: does a brace help in sciatica?
#CHOLESTEROL AND THYROID# @ writes: does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed?
#COOLEST SHADE# While white is the coolest summer shade, there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color.
#DESIGNED FOR EASE# Designed for summer comfort are the shoes illustrated.
#SEWING BRINGS NUMBNESS# @ writes: what makes my hands numb when sewing?
#STEAM BATHS# @ writes: do steam baths have any health value?
#TURN OVER# @ writes: does numbness in the left hand at night, which awakens the person, indicate brain tumor?
_REPLY_ A back brace might help, depending upon the cause of sciatica.
_REPLY_ No, other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder.
_REPLY_ No.
_REPLY_ No.
_REPLY_ There are many possibilities, including poor circulation, a variety of neurological conditions, and functional disorders.
an electric toothbrush ( Broxodent ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom.
an ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same.
at right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather.
at the left is a pair of dressy straw pumps in a light, but crisp texture.
but for many of us, it will prove an enjoyable luxury.
contrast trim provides other touches of color.
do n't overlook the straws this year.
flats have a scalloped throat.
for added comfort some of the Italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning.
heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette.
in a brighter nautical vein is Ille de France blue.
in a lacey open weave shoes have a luster finish, braided collar and bow highlight on the squared throat.
in addition, it is small enough to get into crevices, jacket and crown margins, malposed anteriors, and the back teeth.
in addition, the motor has the seal of approval of the Underwriters Laboratories, which means it is safe.
in the casual field straws feature wedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles.
in the tintable group are high and little heels, squared and oval throats, and shantung-like textures.
it is conceivable that Broxodent could do a better job than ordinary bushing, especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly.
it is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish.
it is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy of the bristles.
it usually goes up.
just the barest suggestion of a heel is found on teenage pumps.
many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved via unlined leathers.
most of us brush our teeth by hand.
orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac.
several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device.
since the apparatus is new, it requires experimentation and changes in technique.
sizzling temperatures and hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet.
softness is found in crushed textures.
spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black, navy and taffy tan.
stacked heels are also popular on dressy or tailored shoes.
styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape.
that is why it is important to invest in comfortable, airy types of shoes.
the bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel.
the brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface, including the back of the teeth.
the bushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own.
the cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body.
the citrus tones popular in clothing are also to be found afoot.
the electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly, bedfast with a chronic disease, or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy.
the electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction, the way dentists recommend.
the gap between the bookshelf and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue.
the latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed.
the pressure may come from muscles, tendons, or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand.
the results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing, particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly.
the same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men.
the speed is controlled by pressing on the two brake buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor.
the unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in.
there 's more reading and instruction to be heard on discs than ever before, although the spoken rather than the sung word is as old as Thomas Alva Edison's first experiment in recorded sound.
there are many soft and light shoe leathers available.
they come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues, along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural, white, black and a whole range of colors.
this is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand.
this manifestation may be an early sign of multiple sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp.
wine glass heels are to be found in both high and semi-heights.
# 'TASK FORCE '# A GOP" task force' committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities.
#ERRORS REPEATED# The present Republican leadership as practiced by Mundt, Goldwater, Bridges, Dirksen, et al, is repeating the errors of the party leadership of the 1930s.
#MIDDLE-AGED SPREAD# By then one begins to notice the middle-age spread;
#UNDERGRADUATES# It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates, faces alight, holding hands and talking happily as they come along, oblivious of him, or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances, such as they would give a tethered goat.
30 per cent of the" Irish" vote, and 18 per cent of the" Negro" vote.
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia.
Senator Mundt's gross distortion of President Eisenhower's conversation into a denunciation of President Kennedy as too left wing, a statement Mr& Eisenhower declared to be entirely false, is another case in point.
a team feels something.
after all, when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie **h when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live **h when questions are asked and answered about families and children, and old professors **h when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted **h that does it.
and so, he squirms with each play, remembering his youth.
bitterness comes over him and the taste of time is like unripe persimmons in his mouth.
but it is no use.
enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd.
even with all possible precaution, homecomings are usually rather cruel and sad, and only the perpetually ebullient and the continually optimistic are made happy by them.
he always feels lonely.
he can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter, and can smell again the aroma of autumn- fallen leaves, the wine of cool air, and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall.
he feels, suddenly, the weight of the fat that is on him.
he recalls with a wry smile the wit who said, on returning from a homecoming reunion, that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they did n't even recognize him.
he remembers the desperate, panting breath;
he sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped;
he will n't submit to his natural desires all the time, and it 's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior.
his bifocals blur.
his bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous.
his dream goes.
his legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary, as if he had walked for miles, instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths.
his visit to Warsaw, Poland, after the Russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the Polish vote which, in several cities, is substantial.
if the Republicans and Southern Democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the Social Security program, they will thereby erect still another barrier to GOP hopes in the cities.
if they do meet and recognize one another, slap backs and embrace, the moment soon is done.
in 1952 Mr& Eisenhower won all but Missouri.
in the stands he is lonely and lost, no matter how many are about him.
it is gone.
it is not much better if he meets with old classmates.
it is true, of course, the uncertainties of life being what they are, that as now and then the Christian killed the lion, homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team.
it is, if anything, worse on the old player **h He sits in the stands and he does n't like that.
more often than not, as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths, his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain.
mr& Nixon, despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups, failed to do so.
no matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength, they can never be recaptured again.
of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more, Mr& Kennedy carried 26 and Mr& Nixon 14.
on a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him.
since the obvious is not always true, the Republican National Committee wisely analyzed its defeat of last autumn and finds that it occurred, as suspected, in the larger cities.
the almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as statistical.
the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length **h then, it is time to break it up and move on.
the breakthrough;
the churning of straining feet, the rasp of the canvas pants;
the desperate agony of goal-line stands.
the fading signs of old beauty;
the football opponent on homecoming is, of course, selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions.
the gray hairs, the eyeglasses, bodies that are too thin or too heavy;
the hard, jolting tackles;
the long runs on the kick-offs;
the people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery.
the smell and feel of hot, wet woolen sleeves across his face.
the task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders.
there are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election.
these are New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, Illinois and Minnesota.
these gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr& Kennedy for talking about a recession and unemployment.
they did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics, which the GOP declared it to be.
they seek thereby to lure the old grad back to the old scenes.
this error was compounded by declaring the recession to be" a statistical one", and not a reality.
this is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call" Homecoming Day".
too often, unless he hails them, they pass him by.
usually, they titter loudly after they have passed by.
yet, in 1960 all eight gave majorities to Mr& Kennedy.
yet, the GOP breakdown discovered that in Philadelphia Mr& Nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called" Polish" vote;
@ At the height of the first snowstorm we had, it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency.
@ I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School.
@ I would like very much, on behalf of my husband and myself, to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund.
@ The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan& 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news.
I am proud of my country, the small city I live in, my wonderful parents, my friends and my school;
I believe in priority for service-connected disabled veterans in admission to VA hospitals.
I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts;
I do not think that America is like Russia, not in the least!
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich.
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life.
I wish you could see the situation as I see it.
_2._ The East Greenwich Fire District services parts of Warwick as well as East Greenwich.
_3._ The taxpayers of East Greenwich appropriate sums of money, as do other Kent County communities, for the support of the Kent County Memorial Hospital, a regional facility.
_4._ The East Greenwich Free Library receives financial support from the town of East Greenwich and the City of Warwick to supplement its endowment.
_5._ Feelers were put out last year to the City of Warwick, as reported in your newspapers, suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the Potowomut and Cowessett areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich.
_6._ East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves.
_7._ The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community.
a few weeks ago, I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in Cranston.
and to Mrs& Rozella Switzer, regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews, who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund.
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised.
bless you my friends, for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality.
but I am also a young, able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough.
but I do n't believe we should close the door on nonservice-connected patients.
every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main".
for example: _1._ The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department, thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities.
had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did, perhaps I would not be here to commend them at this time.
he went on to say:" in the first place, industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of foundering municipalities.
however, the East Providence Rescue Squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation.
if Russian pupils have to take these languages, how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language, but have to face so many exceptions?
if they are to be commended for foresight in their planning, what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage?
it can manifest itself before discharge from service, or it can come out years later.
it has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase.
it is indeed true, as stated in the famous novel of our day," For Whom the Bell Tolls", that" no man is an island, entirely of itself;
it is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be".
it is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man, and therefore, that most people are noble, helpful and good.
many thanks for a job well done.
mr& Felix Miranda, of the Imperial Knife Co&;
mr& Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8, 1960, warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said:" if this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach, success if any will be difficult to obtain".
my future plans are to become a language teacher.
no psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years.
of course, having this desire, I am very interested in education.
on the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans, it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service.
rev& DeWitt Clemens, pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church;
some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long.
thanks to the generosity of Mr& Irving J& Fain, president of the Temple Beth El;
the arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case, seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public.
the article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over, and must not be going to high school to attend these classes.
the concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful.
the following week, I read in the Sunday paper that the students of Russia begin European and Asian languages in the seventh grade.
the rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather.
the" fruitful course" of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called.
then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students.
there 's a reason for this length of stay.
there is one other point we should never lose sight of: many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected.
these programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when, where, and in what manner the community shall grow.
this matter is of great importance, and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death, or at least serious injuries, for many veterans.
until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts, I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny.
usually a veteran has to hang himself to get space on the front page.
we have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions.
we in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities, one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools, and the other facing this prospect next year.
well, there lies your answer.
where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials?
while Councilman Olson cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer, the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth.
words cannot tell of the undivided attention and comfort their service gave to me.
#"WORKERS OF THE PARTY"# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- We are writing in reference to a recent" suggestion" made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ).
#HARMFUL DRINKS# _DOWNERS GROVE, AUG& 8_- A recent news story reported that Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin delayed 103 airplane passengers 10 minutes in London while they finished their drinks.
@ #"PLUS-ONE" SHELTERS# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters.
@ #CONGRESSWOMAN CHURCH# _WILMETTE, AUG& 7_- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen& Dirksen and Sen& Douglas.
@ #ESCAPE# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space.
@ #FROM CANDLELIGHT CLUB# _MINNEAPOLIS, AUG& 7_- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace, and to thank you for it.
@ #MORE SCHOOL, LESS PAY# _CHICAGO, AUG& 7_- Is this, perhaps, one of the things that is wrong with our country?
@ #TEACHING THE HANDICAPPED# _CHICAGO, AUG& 7_- The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the archdiocese of Chicago and DePaul university of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children.
@ #THE DUPONT CASE# [ < Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page >.
@ #TOWARD SOCIALISM# _PROVIDENCE, AUG& 5_- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries.
Congressman Wilbur D& Mills, chairman of the House Ways and Means committee, asked the department of justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law enforcement.
I am for it.
I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart, will get busy and be the first member of our" plus-one" shelter club.
I think we have the hardest working, best representative in Congress.
] _WASHINGTON, AUG& 4_- Your July 26 editorial regarding the position of Attorney General Robert F& Kennedy on prospective tax relief for du Pont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact.
as a result, your criticism of Attorney General Robert F& Kennedy and the department of justice was inaccurate, unwarranted and unfair.
as we understand, this directive was given to all city and county employes.
at a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month.
at no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties.
being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being, we felt this was n't a function of our position.
but when you write to Congresswoman Church, bless her heart, your letter is answered fully and completely.
community shelters are, of course, necessary for those having no space for shelter.
copies of this letter were made avaliable to the press and public.
does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves, but ready to demand that" the community" help and protect them?
engineering graduates of Illinois Institute of Technology are reported receiving the highest average starting salaries in the school's history- $550 a month.
had I been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege, the matter she raised would have been clarified.
if in a town of 2,000 private homes, half of them have shelters, the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent.
in covert socialism- toward which America is moving- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them.
in designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants," plus-one"- so he will be able to take in a stranger.
in order to attract new industries, 15 states or more are issuing tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are leased to private enterprise.
in these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children, the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field.
in this letter, Mr& Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments.
ironic, is it not, that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer?
issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions.
it 's simple enough from my point of view.
it is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world.
it was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and, without an amendment to the law, we could not enforce this.
judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this.
my discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises, and not by innuendo criticize them.
my son, who has completed two years in engineering school, has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer.
our only obligation for this day is to vote, free of persuasion, for the person we feel is capable in directing the public.
please do put more pictures and articles in about Liberace, as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person.
should she disagree, she explains why in detail.
such tactics reek of totalitarianism!
the Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children, which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coo^rdinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children, of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois, and of promoting more adequate services for them, indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children.
the attorney general responded by letter dated July 19.
the day before Election Day, to which we are entitled as a legal holiday, we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as" workers of the party".
the editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on du Pont stockholders, in connection with the United States Supreme court ruling that du Pont must divest itself of its extensive General Motors stock holdings.
the editorial, by omitting the words < anti-trust enforcement >, totally distorted Mr& Kennedy's views.
the headline is offensive, particularly in view of the total inaccuracy of the editorial.
the plane should have started at the scheduled time and left Sinatra and Martin to guzzle.
the resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag.
the resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag.
there are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress, not the department of justice, to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation.
these proposals would reduce the amount of tax that du Pont stockholders might have to pay- from an estimated 1.1 billion dollars under present law to as little as 192 million dollars.
they do our country great harm by such actions.
this is a step toward overt socialism.
this is our duty- not as nurses or city employes- but as citizens of the United States.
those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad.
to our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political affiliation.
we, therefore, considered the" suggestion" an insult to our intelligence, ethics, Bill of Rights, etc&.
what Mr& Kennedy, in fact, wrote was:" it is the department's view that no < anti-trust enforcement > considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion".
when she agrees, you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged.
yet your editorial said:" now the attorney general writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '".
" article 19: a Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years".
" section 2: the expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly.
#FOR A NEUTRAL GERMANY# @ _SOVIETS SAID TO FEAR RESURGENCE OF GERMAN MILITARISM_ @ _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large, powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity.
@ #@# Sen& Hubert Humphrey is obviously a man with a soul and heart.
@ #DISSENTING VIEWS OF SENATORS# Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee ( May 2 ) by Senators Proxmire and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work.
@ #FOR BETTER SUBWAY SERVICES# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop, leaving them stranded and strained.
@ #MEETING U& N& OBLIGATIONS# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ In your editorial of Sept& 30" The Smoldering Congo" you make the following comment:" far too many states are following the Russian example in refusing to pay their assessments.
@ #PHONE SERVICE CRITICIZED# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly, from three to four hours a day.
@ #SIDEWALK CAFES# Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe?
@ #TO AID INTERNATIONAL LAW# @ _CONNALLY AMENDMENT' S REPEAL HELD STEP TOWARD WORLD ORDER_ @ _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ In your Sept& 27 editorial appraisal of the work of the First Session of the Eighty-seventh Congress you referred to the lack of" consciousness of destiny in a time of acute national and world peril".
Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a stalking horse.
France and other Western European nations likewise fear a rearmed Germany.
I grant that the dog may not be really protective, based on his training, but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest, how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog?
I have just returned from a seven-week trip to Europe and the Far East.
I would like to quote from the Charter of the United Nations:" article 17, Section 1: the General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization.
I would like to suggest that the landlords and Commissioners get together and consider liberalizing the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments.
President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called" Operation Survival" which has many facets.
President Kennedy was right when he said," We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate".
Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation.
_PROBABLE AGREEMENT_ The truth is that Communist Russia fears the resurgence of German militarism.
a united Germany, freed of militarism, might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world.
according to the official interpretation of the Charter, a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the" special" United Nations' budgets, and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ), due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion.
actually, the Communists, out of fear of a united and armed Germany, would probably be willing to agree to a disarmed Germany that would be united and neutral and have its independence guaranteed by the U& N&.
as an added suggestion to balance the budget, the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument.
but there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de facto recognition to East Germany.
but they refuse, as do the Arab states, to support the United Nations' expenses of maintaining the United Nations Emergency Force in the Middle East as a buffer between Egypt and Israel, and the U& N& troops in the Congo, which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the United Nations, but by a special budget.
could Senator Humphrey be serious in his proposal?
he, like most of us, wants to be able to sit, to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors.
if the Communists are sincere in wanting a united, neutral and disarmed Germany, it might well be advantageous for the German people in this nuclear age.
if the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria.
if the case is thus determined by us to be domestic, the court has no jurisdiction.
in the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were devastated.
is nothing in this country more sacred than the tourists' comfort?
it could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation.
it is quite evident that the people of Western Europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war.
it is up to the Assembly to take action against them.
it is visible throughout the city, and men from Madison ave& would jump at the chance.
it would be criminal folly if the Communists tried to prevent us.
let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens.
let us, like the French, have outdoor cafes where we may relax, converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd.
our" destiny" in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace, with justice, under law.
perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended.
recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations.
since the Connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the United States, it also prevents us from using the court effectively.
the Connally amendment says that the United States, rather than the court, shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party.
the Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak.
the Transit Authority has recently placed in operation" hold" lights at BMT Thirty-ninth and Fifty-ninth Street stations in Brooklyn.
the U& S& S& R& and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget.
the United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations.
the fact is that the Italians, French and British know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs.
they are violating their Charter obligation, the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or expulsion".
this" holds" the local until the express passengers change trains.
to achieve this destiny, acts as well as words are needed- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect.
to the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND, this takes a daily toll of time and temper.
unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season.
we believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment.
we have no right to criticize them, as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war.
we should stand firmly and courageously for our right to free access into Berlin.
what better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court, enable us to utilize it, and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order?
why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed Germany whose neutrality and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the Big Four powers and the United States?
why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat?
without question, this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station.
yet although the Kennedy Administration, and the Eisenhower Administration before it, have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment, as contrary to our best interests, no action has yet been taken.
yet your list of things left undone did not include repeal of the Connally amendment to this country's domestic jurisdiction reservation to its Adherence to the Statute of the International Court of Justice.
@ # 'PEOPLE TO PEOPLE '# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President Johnson and Pakistani camel driver Bashir Ahmad for providing a first-class example of" people to people" good will.
@ #BELATED TRIBUTE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ While" better late than never" may have certain merits, the posthumous award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the late Dag Hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation.
@ #EXPRESSWAY ANSWER: EAST RIVER DRIVE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valuable;
@ #RUSSIA AND U&N&# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one.
@ #SHADOW OVER WASHINGTON SQUARE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I wish to advocate two drastic changes in Washington Square: _1._ Take away George Washington's statue.
America does n't need to" push-up", she needs to stand up!
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world.
Washington Square seems not part of a free land.
_(2)_ So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems.
_(3)_ Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges.
_(4)_ This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River Drive.
_2._ Replace it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous dictators.
according to one report, however, Mr& Hammarskjold was considered" too controversial" a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring.
actually, of course, that label" controversial" applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union.
as has happened so often in the past, the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and tardy.
ashamed of our wealth and power, afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace, we have allowed our soft-heartedness to lead to soft-headed policies.
at Khrushchev's door, therefore, can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated.
bridges, tunnels and ferries are the most common methods of river crossings.
but it can n't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for.
but the Commission does not share such sentiments.
each one of these is, by its nature, a focal point or a point of natural congestion.
had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living, unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and, in many ways, thankless task.
how many times must we get burned before we learn?
however, several pertinent considerations deserve recognition.
if any are left, presently, we may expect to see signs specifically { PROHIBITING } the feeding of them too.
if birds do n't belong in a Square or Park, what does?
if only this could be done more often- with such heartening results- many of the earth's" big problems" would shrink to the insignificances they really are.
if we go all gooey over this newest Castro ( until he proves he is n't ) we 've got rocks in our heads.
indeed no. let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe, lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive.
intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on Japan, London or Pearl Harbor.
it is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft.
it is well for us to remember that a wreath on a coffin never can atone for flowers withheld while they still can be enjoyed.
it may remind one of Russia, China or East Berlin;
just a preliminary measure.
let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began, the hymn" Abide With Me".
of course, in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we 're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say" How come?
one additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent.
one means to help the birds occurs to me: let the chimes that ring over Washington Square twice daily, discontinue any piece of music but one.
one of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea.
p& S&.
starlings and blackbirds are scared off by cannon, from City Hall.
thanks for your good coverage of Ahmad's visit, too!
that is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war.
the City Government is not united in an all-out, to-the-death drive to stamp out gangs, delinquents, thugs, murderers, rapists, subversives.
the Fairmount Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals, because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square.
the matter may seem a small thing to some people, I know, but it 's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism **h The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying: { the Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This Square.
the trees are their homes;
the war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides.
the whole official City apparently has an intense hatred toward birds.
there 's no sense in being reminded of times that were.
they are the most beautiful part of that little piece of Nature.
they are working on the wrong part of our anatomy.
they start on the East side of the Schuylkill, have to cross over to the West to use the expressway and cross over again to the East at their destination.
this can be accomplished by several logical steps: _(1)_ Widen the East River Drive at least one lane.
unfortunately, those who would remedy our" softness" seek to do so with calisthenics.
we have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own.
we should avoid these congestion points or, putting it another way, keep cars starting and ending on the East side of the river- on the East side.
we shuffle a large percentage of the cars across the river twice.
we will know, and He will know, to whom it is rendered, what the birds would ask: @ @ #NOT PUSH-UPS BUT STAND-UPS# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ There is a trend today to bemoan the fact that Americans are too" soft".
what's your motive?
when we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right, when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination, when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation, when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war, and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom, then, and only then will we no longer be" soft".
why are n't the Soviets expelled from the U&N&?
{ WHO } wants this deed done"?- in this small way do the leaders of a city, or of a nation, iniure the masses to watching, or even inflicting, torture and death, upon even their fellow men.
} < Fairmount Park Commission > Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance?
" if the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast", the account reads," they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees- all girls.
#TO THE HILLS, GIRLS# No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade.
#u THANT OF BURMA# The appointment of U Thant of Burma as the U&N& 's Acting Secretary General- at this writing, the choice appears to be certain- offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends.
) left vague, the spirit of vigilantism is spreading.
**h Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving Civil Defense outfit, 23 operators and office personnel **h stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice".
< friends >, a picture magazine distributed by Chevrolet dealers, describes a paramilitary organization of employees of the Gulf Telephone Company at Foley, Alabama.
Mongi Slim of Tunisia and Frederick Boland of Ireland were early favorites in the running, but France did n't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter.
Nikita Khrushchev, however, has created yet another problem for himself.
U Thant of course, will hold office until the spring of 1963, when Mr& Hammarskjold's term would have come to an end.
a more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined.
a quota of 25,000 a year would be more than sufficient.
a special grandstand, protected by awnings from the midsummer sun of Illinois, should be erected for occupancy by honored guests, who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly civilized.
according to < Friends >, the unit was organized by John Snook, a former World War 2, commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company.
all false gods resemble Moloch, at least in the early phases of their careers, so it would be unreasonable to expect any form of idol-worship to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice.
as the civic temper rises, the more naive citizens begin to play soldier- but the guns are real.
besides, he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which, what with exhumations and rehabilitations, seems to match that of life.
but at least the pessimists who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong.
but by comparison with the railroad, the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship, so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily.
but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway commissioners.
but there is reason in all things, and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is exceeding all bounds in its demands.
even in areas where political connotations are ( deliberately?
from next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways, publicizing it on all media of communication.
he has, moreover, another qualification which augurs well for the future.
he is a Buddhist, which means that to him peace and the sanctity of human life are not only religious dogma, but a profound and unshakable < Weltanschauung >.
here, then, is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning.
if Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery, everyone will understand.
if some future Khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered predecessor, would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions applauding his dispossession?
if the railroads, for example, regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year, the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety, for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States.
in 1899, Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster, facing Whitehall and there, presumably, he still stands.
in a sense, the showdown promised by Mr& Hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided;
in all the bitter in-fighting, the squabbles over election procedures, the complicated numbers game that East and West played on the assistant secretaries' theme, the gentleman from Burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled diplomat.
it cannot bring them into actual play.
it is not working now.
mr& Khrushchev's demand for a < troika > is dormant, not dead;
no other popular idol is accorded even that much grace.
no precedents have been set as yet;
since he has just shown who is top dog, he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people.
soon they will begin to hunt down the traitors they are assured are in our midst.
structurally, the U&N& is still fluid, vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it.
suppose he did lie beside Lenin, would it be permanent?
the Lenin tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy, Moscow is a crowded city, and the creed of communism deplores waste.
the Macmillan government might be willing to let him go, but he has been dead seventy-eight years and even the Soviet morticians could not make him look presentable.
the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents.
the annual butchery of 40,000 American men, women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive;
the band should play the Rogues' March as a processional, switching to" Hail Columbia, Happy Land"!
the country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means.
the doctrine has never worked;
the girls, very fetching in their uniforms, are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck;
the official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms;
the scene, of course, should be nine miles northwest of Centralia, Illinois, the geographical center of population according to the census.
then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4, 1963.
there is Karl Marx, of course, buried in London.
these are mentalities which crave action- and they are beginning to get it, as Messrs& Salsich and Engh report on page 372.
they are also trained with carbines, automatic weapons, pistols, rifles and other such ladies' accessories.
this may be < opera bouffe > now, but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy.
to avoid suspicion of bigotry, let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse;
what is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his candidacy.
when a man is laid to rest, he is entitled to stay put.
whether the compromises- on both sides- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen.
who but Nikita himself?
who will take Stalin's place beside Lenin?
who, then, is of sufficient stature to lodge with Lenin?
with the neutralists maintaining pressure for one of their own to succeed Mr& Hammarskjold, U Thant emerged as the only possible candidate unlikely to be waylaid by a veto.
yet it is plainly time to make a start, and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic, without being fanatical.
## LEAVING ASIDE the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral, the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice.
#ECUMENICAL HOPES# WHEN HIS Holiness Pope John 23, first called for an Ecumenical Council, and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity, the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant ecumenicists was immediate.
#THE BUDGET DEFICIT# THE ADMINISTRATION 'S official budget review, which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year, is n't making anyone happy.
Augustin Cardinal Bea, the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity, has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches.
a major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity.
and once again, the choices are much the same.
as it has turned out, however, the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses.
besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case, one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary.
but a resumption does not seem justifiable now.
but as the more concrete plans for the work of the Council gradually became known, there was a rather sharp and abrupt disappointment on all sides.
can any Christian fail to respond to these words?
certainly it is n't making the President happy, and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition, how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year.
equally significant, Pope John has said that Catholics themselves bear some responsibility for Christian disunity.
far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task, the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light.
first of all, it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unity.
for discouragement, or the temptation to abandon our efforts," would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the omnipotence of God, the irresistible efficacy of prayer, the action of Christ or the power of the Divine Spirit".
for that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now proposing.
four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense, an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration, quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere.
four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program, a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr& Eisenhower.
furthermore, we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring.
in particular, Governor Nelson Rockefeller has expressed as cogently and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests.
in the first place, a large part of the discrepancy between President Eisenhower's estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political booby-trap to his successor.
it could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination.
it could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations.
it is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical strategy are formidable.
it is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may, at some point in the future, be necessary and even justifiable.
its primary advantage is that it is a moral choice;
nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury.
noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of reunion, he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone.
once again, the United States must choose.
one which, should it fail, will not have contaminated the conscience.
only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder.
or it could have chosen to find- by negotiation- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security.
recent statements by the President and Defense Department spokesmen have, to the contrary, assured us that our lead is very great.
secondly, a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church.
speaking recently in Miami, Governor Rockefeller said that" to assure the sufficiency of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests, we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests".
taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion, he argued that the responsibility of the United States is" to do, confidently and firmly, not what is popular, but what is right".
that is the contamination we most fear.
the Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church.
the Eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received.
the designation of five Catholic theologians to attend the World Council of Churches assembly in New Delhi as" official" observers reverses the Church's earlier stand.
the establishment, by the Holy Father, of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern.
the farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion, because of unusual weather factors, the Food for Peace program and other new measures.
the first choice, abandoning tests entirely, would not only be unpopular domestically, but would surely be exploited by the Russians.
the possibility, as he asserted, that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise- unless, of course, we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand.
the public appeal by the new Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal Cicognani, for renewed efforts toward Eastern and Western reunion was still another remarkable act.
the refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start.
the rest of the deficit is also easily understood.
the second choice, full testing, has become even more risky just because the current Soviet tests have already dangerously contaminated the atmosphere.
the third choice, negotiation, presupposes, as Russian behavior demonstrates, a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable.
there ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does.
this is an ethical demand which cannot be evaded or glossed over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism.
this third choice was in fact made.
too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part.
two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective: each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy.
unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been deceiving us, the facts do not support the assertion that we are" compelled" to resume atmospheric testing.
we now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might undertake.
we sympathize with Mr& Kennedy, but we feel bound to say that his budget review does n't please us either, although for very different reasons.
we take the position, however, that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us.
what was missing in the Governor's argument, as in so many similar arguments, was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right.
what we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests has radically increased our own moral obligations.
when this second dilemma first became obvious- during the mid to late ' 50 's- the United States appeared to have three choices.
with good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom.
with the resumption of Soviet testing and their intransigence at the Geneva talks, however, the hope that this third choice would prove viable has been shaken.
## But there must be a catalytic pressure.
## The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men.
) days at least from instant retaliation- will defy the Party. but the disposition to rebel is most definitely there.
China never tried to integrate Tibet by extirpating the people's religion and institutions.
I remarked jocularly to the President that the future of China would be far more certain if he would invite a planeload of selected American Liberals to Quemoy on an odd day.
Leninism-Marxism, as understood by Exegete Mao.
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state.
Tibet is too vast, the terrain is too difficult.
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France.
a friendly state, sometimes only semi-independent, but never hostile.
a great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr& Kennedy's views on the world struggle.
a truth-revealing crisis erupted in Katanga for a couple of days this month, to be quickly smothered by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies.
and where it is not, it is left with no residue, and the social meaning of this is enormous.
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin cycles;
before memory, too, clouds over, let us make a note or two of what could be seen.
but I am here concerned more with policy than with men.
but he- and all of China- wear the scars of American indecisiveness, and he knows what an uncertain ally we are.
but in the moment of truth everyone could see that the U&S& was in reality the principal.
but our outlook has been, and continues to be, defensive.
but the government is left with no reserve granary, under the agricultural system it has ordained.
but the key revelation is not new.
but there are the cousins and aunts and nephews.
by our policy the West was- is- split.
during the slow buildup, the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details, fine words, strutting gestures.
first and foremost, they depend on the inhuman idiocies of the Communist regime.
for it is the family that, in China, has always provided social security for the indigent, the sick, the down-and-out members of the clan.
he affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point.
in behalf of what?
in relation to Laos, Algeria, South Africa;
it is another question whether" they"- or a single general, off in a corner of China, secure for a few ( galvanizing?
it reappears, in whole or part, whenever a new crisis exposes the reality: in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired );
new self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones.
now the government must do that;
now, everyone knows- or knew in the week of December 10- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy.
of course the fighting was officially under the auspices of the United Nations.
on these they feel they can rely.
one knows better, now, who has bone and who has jelly in his spine.
public men come and go but great issues of policy remain.
red China is trying to do this, and she is not likely ever to succeed.
right now, with almost cartoon emphasis, in the temporally linked complex of Tshombe-Gizenga-Goa-Ghana.
secondly, they depend on America's" moral cooperation" when the crucial moment arrives.
the Free Chinese know that the situation on the Mainland is in flux, and are poised to strike.
the United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful, orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations- the only place in Africa, moreover, where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved.
the controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
the crisis burns these suddenly away.
the family is largely broken up;
the first was the commune program, which will ensure agricultural poverty for years.
the imposition of yet another pressure, a strong one, from the outside, might cause it to snap.
the measure was instantly taken, as always in such cases, of public men at many levels.
the military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes, which, together, may prove fatal.
the moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
the moment passes.
the moment simultaneously revealed that in the crisis our policy ran counter to that of all our NATO allies, to the entire Western community.
the second mistake is Tibet.
their privations are almost beyond endurance.
there is little doubt if they had a secret ballot, they would vote for food for their family, in place of ideological purity out on the farm.
there is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for liberation.
there the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look.
these continuing pressures, social, economic and military, are doing much to keep China in a heightening state of tension.
they hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest, we will receive the opportunity gladly.
they know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control.
thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged, and created a national scarcity which has engendered calamitous problems of social security.
to whom will the generals stay loyal?
we have been grand to Formosa itself- lots of aid, and, most of the time, a policy of support for the offshore islands.
#a SHORT, TORMENTED SPAN# Of the handful of painters that Austria has produced in the 20th century, only one, Oskar Kokoschka, is widely known in the U&S&.
@ Gloria ( surname: Ziraldo ), circa 30, who was born in Italy and once did" chorus work" in Toronto, has been around longer than most of the others, wistfully remembers the old days when" we used to get the seamen from the ships, you know, with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all.
@ Leila ( Malia Phillips ), 25, is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red hair that cascades almost to her ankles.
@ Marlene ( surname: Adamo ), 25, a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris, now lives on Manhattan's West Side, is about the best belly dancer working the casbah, loves it so much that she dances on her day off.
@ Serene ( Mrs& Wilson ), 23, was born in Budapest and raised in Manhattan.
Schiele's paintings are anything but pleasant.
THE MOST surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it < was > surprising- perhaps quite as much, in its own way, as the Twentieth Congress of 1956, which ended with that famous" secret" report on Stalin.
_CONTINUUM OF MANKIND._ If a dancer is good, she suggests purely and superbly the fundamental mechanics of ancestry and progeny- the continuum of mankind.
_MELANCHOLY OBSESSION._ The unabashed sexuality of so many of this paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay: his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy, and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna.
_THE DEVIL HIMSELF._ The son of a railway stationmaster, Schiele lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln, 14 miles northwest of Vienna.
_THE MELTING POT._ All over the country, belly clubs have never been bigger, especially in Detroit, Boston and Chicago, and even in small towns;
a graduate of Hollywood High School, she likes to imagine herself, as she takes the floor," a village girl coming in to a festival".
also, elections would be more democratic;
although they are forbidden to sit with the customers, the dancers are sometimes proffered drinks, and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy.
as the girls come to belly dancing from this and other origins, the melting pot has never bubbled more intriguingly.
but a great many of the dancers are more or less native.
but a great many of what < Variety > calls the" cooch terpers" are considerably less cosmic than that.
but he painted some of the boldest and most original pictures of his time, and even after nearly half a century, the tense, tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination.
but the ships are very slow now, and we do n't get so many sailors any more".
but they do not strip.
cried one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's tantrums and rebellion:" the devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom"!
daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance, she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York casbah, with dark eyes and dark, waist-length hair, the face of an adolescent patrician and a lithe, glimmering body.
drafted into the Austrian army, he rebelliously rejected discipline, wangled a Vienna billet, went on painting.
each dancer follows the ancient Oriental pattern- she glides sideways with shoulders motionless while her stomach migrates, and, through breathing and muscle control, she sends ripples across her body to the fingertips and away to the far end of the room.
even there he did not last for long.
for a while his work was influenced deeply by the French impressionists, and by the patterned, mosaic-like paintings of Gustav Klimt, then the dean of Austrian art.
for ten years a small group of European and U&S& critics has been calling attention to the half-forgotten Austrian expressionist Egon Schiele, who died 42 years ago at the age of 28.
for years he wore hand-me-down suits and homemade paper collars, was even driven to scrounging for cigarette butts in Vienna's gutters.
gradually Schiele evolved a somber style of his own- and he had few inhibitions about his subject matter.
he and other Soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new formulas, such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the proletariat by an" All People's State", and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater" democratization" of the whole hierarchy of Soviets, starting with the Supreme Soviet itself.
he can offer nine Turkish girls, plans to import at least 15 more.
he himself was once convicted of painting erotica and jailed for 24 days- the first three of which he spent desperately trying to make paintings on the wall with his own spittle.
he was an emotional, lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any schoolwork.
he was obsessed by disease and poverty, by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust.
his colors are dark and murky, and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom.
his people ( < see color > ) are angular and knobby-knuckled, sometimes painfully stretched, sometimes grotesquely foreshortened.
his pictures were roundly denounced as" the most disgusting things one has ever seen in Vienna".
it seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a world-shaking contribution to Marxist doctrine with his Draft Program ( a large part of his twelve-hour speech at the recent Congress was, in fact, very largely a rehash of that interminable document ).
it was not until the last year of his life that he had his first moneymaking show.
last week it opened at the J& B& Speed Museum in Louisville, at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles.
many belly dancers are married, but Serene is one of the few who will admit it.
one of the best dancers, a Turkish girl named Semra, works at a roadhouse outside Bristol, Conn&.
she has the small, highly developed body of a prime athlete, and holds in contempt the" girls who just move sex".
some Manhattan examples: @ Jemela ( surname: Gerby ), 23, seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother, was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and Textile High School, says she learned belly dancing at family picnics.
sometimes they get their initial experience in church < haflis, > conducted by Lebanese and Syrians in the U&S&, where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs.
the New York dancers are highly eclectic, varying the pattern with all kinds of personal improvisations, back bends or floor crawls.
the belly dance leaves more to the imagination.
the children he painted were almost always in rags, his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness, and his nudes- including several self-portraits- were stringy, contorted and strangely pathetic.
the critics' campaign finally inspired the first major U&S& exhibit of Schiele's works.
the def, a low-pitched tambourine.
the girls are kept booked and moving by several agents, notably voluble, black-bearded Murat Somay, a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen.
the girls sit quietly with the musicians, wearing prim dresses or plain, secretarial shifts, until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem.
the publication last July of the party's Draft Program- that blueprint for the" transition to communism"- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime, a solemn consecration of ideas which had, in fact, been current over the last three or four years ( i&e&, since the defeat of the" anti-party group" ) in all theoretical party journals.
the show has been to Boston and Manhattan, will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis.
the striptease is crass;
the subject he liked most was the female body, which he painted in every state- naked, half-dressed, muffled to the ears, sitting primly in a chair, lying tauntingly on a bed or locked in an embrace.
the uptown crowd has moved in, and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a turtleneck sweater for a button-down collar?
their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at" bureaucracy" and would enable" the people" to take a more direct and active part in running the country.
these never ceased to suggest that if, in the eyes of Marx and Lenin" full communism" was still a very distant ideal, the establishment of a Communist society had now, under Khrushchev, become an" immediate and tangible reality".
this is done at varying speeds, ranging from the slow and fast < Shifte Telli > ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest, ecstatic < Karshilama > ( meaning greetings or welcome ).
this state of unawareness may not last much longer.
when a dancer does well, she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes.
when he was 15, his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna.
with tips, the girls average between $150 and $200 a week, depending on basic salary.
#MENTAL TELEPATHY?# The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning, November 27, anticipating by two days the announcement of the U&S& Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed.
#TENURE AS CRITERION# I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by Russell Kirk [ Dec& 16 ].
( a wry sidelight on this is that most of my students have deferments from the draft in order to attend my classes.
) at this late date, it is impossible for St& Michael's College to find a suitable replacement for me.
**h Since the goal of our international planners is a World Government, this Atlantic Community would mark a giant step in that direction for, once American economic autonomy is absorbed, a larger grouping is a question of time.
**h We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need.
-ED&.
@ #A BRIEF FOR THE NEGATIVE# I disagree with Mr& Burnham's position on the Common Market [ Nov& 18 ] as a desirable organization for us to join.
@ #A PROFESSOR AND THE ARMY# In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities.
@ #LOSS OF INITIATIVE# On the eve of the" great debate" on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community, we should face the alternatives on this proposition.
@ < We welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a many-sided discussion of the Atlantic Common Market which > NR < will be continuing in our pages >.
I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country, the profession is grossly overpaid.
I will also be underpaid.
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment.
as a result buyers, the public, must be satisfied with second-rate teachers.
but the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or" economic empire", but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig von Mises have been arguing for years: an end to government regulations, an end to government competition in industry, and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry.
but this is not the real problem;
but, in spite of this, I, at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor, have been recalled" by direction of the President" to report on November 25th to Fort Devens, Massachusetts, for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ).
create a free market here, give us a sound, debt-free money system, and we 'll compete with anyone, Europe and Asia combined.
eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting.
even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket brigades standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad.
for him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand.
for, after leaving the Army in 1956, I spent five years in Graduate School first at Boston College and then at the University of Toronto.
frankly, it is being very cleverly done for, in a sense, they have us over a barrel.
he says:" it has swept aside petty nationalisms, age-old rivalries, and worn-out customs".
hence all teachers, good and bad, who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary.
here, as in all sectors of the economy, quality and justice are both dependent on the right of the individual to deal directly with his employer if he so chooses.
however, it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation" to exercise its mandate reasonably, equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes".
if it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market, I refer you to an article in the < New York Times > ' magazine section [ Nov& 12, 1961 ], by Mr& Eric Johnston, entitled" We Must Join the Common Market".
if we go into this Common Market, we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees, Connally Amendments or, for that matter, conservatism in general.
if we want to preserve our sovereignty, this is the way to do it;
in entering this union we will be surrendering most, if not all, of our economic autonomy to international bodies such as the Atlantic Institute ( recently set up ) or the O&E&C&D&, I&M&F& and others.
in my own case, I submit that such reasonable and fair exercise is woefully lacking.
in short, get this governmental monstrosity off our backs and we will n't have to worry about European competition or Communism either.
it follows that teachers as a group cannot expect any marked salary increases;
it has to do with teachers' salaries and tenure.
it is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our < economy > which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our < political > affairs.
listen to what Mr& Johnston has to say:" consider the savage wounds that isolationism would inflict.
mrs& DePugh, the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization, participated in all the exercises.
next September, after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program, I will be teaching somewhere- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers.
not acquiesce to an international planning board.
now, more than five years later, I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier.
referring to Britain, he says," We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy, placing this authority in Continental hands".
taken back into the Army now as an Sp 4, I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am.
teaching is at present a sellers' market;
the Minutemen were instructed in the use of terrain for concealment.
the amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers.
the appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal, as well as economic, self-rule.
the only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them.
the only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure.
the possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys.
the pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely" economic thoroughfare", or garden path, with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background.
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality.
there is a limit to how much the public will pay for shoddy performance.
there were no" casualties", but the" guerrillas" admitted to being" a little tired" when the leaders called a halt at 9 A&M& to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane.
they practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades;
they were shown how to advance against an enemy outpost atop a cleared ridge.
this time, added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954, makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education.
to think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking.
today, seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee, I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St& Michael's College.
we would be crippled by reduced output, industrial decline, widespread unemployment".
what we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be < selective > which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate.
with this no loyal citizen can quarrel.
without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others.
## SIR ROBERT WATSON-WATT' S" rebuttal" of Sir Charles Snow's Godkin Lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir Charles' supposed falsehoods while stating those" falsehoods" in an unclear incoherent argument.
#SNOW STORM# I WAS SURPRISED and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published.
@ #FOR A COLLEGE OF PROPAGANDA# I WAS INTERESTED in James Webb Young's MADISON AVENUE column in which he raised the question" Do We Need a College of Propaganda"?
@ #LET THE MEDIA CLEAN HOUSE, TOO# MANY OF US in public relations were flattered that Richard L& Tobin chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association.
@ #SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BLACKOUT# I WOULD LIKE to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning President Kennedy's activities, so far as Southern California is concerned.
@ CONGRATULATIONS on the article" Do We Need a College of Propaganda"?
@ EDITOR 'S NOTE: < Sir Robert Watson-Watt wrote, on page 50 of > SR < Research for 4 March 1961:" I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled, ' Science and Government '.
I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the" abuse" he is being subjected to.
I am sure that they did when Eisenhower was President.
I do n't know if this is the situation in other parts of the country;
Watson-Watt's remarks in > SR < did not then, constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to the Godkin Lectures.
[ SR, Feb& 11 ].
a reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute, for instance, is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute.
a study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there.
alas, no such thing happened.
and not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way.
and the sad part of it is that we had one, which was rounding into excellent shape, and we let it disintegrate and die.
apparently it is not.
besides, there are no longer enough corruptible journalists about.
but I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard, from which the book was derived, and I can with confidence challenge the gist of C& P& Snow's incautious tale".
but the attack was made from an advance copy.
can you bring the networks' attention to this?
despite several years of front-page stories, the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating.
during the war, we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare, which included the teaching of propaganda, both black and white and the various shades of grey in between.
even then, a few of the" less interesting" questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator.
first, it does not communicate.
four of us here in the United States attended, first as students, then as instructors, almost every one of these schools, in England, Canada, and the United States.
he did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local stations' not doing this- but nothing happened.
however, by comparing the TV snatches, two different radio station re-runs, and the censored Los Angeles < Times > version, I found that the radio stations had edited out questions ( ABC removed the one regarding Laos ) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the President's answer.
however, last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs.
if this practice should take root and spread, the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality.
in my estimation, we definitely do;
it also happened with the Inauguration, which was not re-run at all during the evening hours, and I wrote to the TV editor of the < Times >.
it seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends.
next, because of the time differential, the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day.
one should be able to get hold of the book at once.
representatives of Harvard University Press, which is publishing the book this month of April, recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing > Life < magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date.
second, it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous.
the English schools preceded ours, and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching.
the Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions.
the accepted method of writing news has two major liabilities.
the charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation.
the current stereotype of straight news reporting was probably invaluable in protecting the press and its readers from pollution by that combination of doctored fact, fancy, and personal opinion called yellow journalism which flourished in this country more than a generation ago.
the objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors.
the public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media.
the radio stations did run" transcripts" ( I thought ) during the evening hours.
the text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the prepublication excerpt >.
there apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare.
there were also a couple in Canada, and several in England.
this is no criticism of them, as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a fifteen-minute news summary.
this is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years, and I certainly hope it sparks some action.
to begin with, the all-powerful Los Angeles < Times > does not publish a transcript of these press conferences.
toward the end of the war, we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it.
until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail.
up until now, the networks have grudgingly run half-hour tapes at 5 P&M& or sometimes 7 or 10:30 P&M&.
we do n't need this type of protection any more.
we had a couple of schools in this country, the principal one being on the Marshall Field estate out in Lloyd's Neck.
we hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so.
we out here do n't see enough of the conference to know he is being abused.
we set up the Lloyd's Neck school, worked out its curriculum, and taught there.
when the end did come, and the schools were disbanded and abandoned, we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to rust.
whether in his forthcoming book C& P& Snow commits the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily autobiographical critic charged him is important.
yet the press was powerless to put these charges in perspective in its news columns.
you have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions.
#@# Nikolai Cherkasov, the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible, performs the lanky Don Quixote, and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man.
#@# True, the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit wearisome in the first half, before Don Quixote goes to the duke's court.
#FIRST ONE, THEN THE OTHER# If, in Larkin's eyes, they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers, he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living.
#SPLENDOR BY SORCERY# It 's a horror.
Cherkasov does not caricature him, as some actors have been inclined to do.
H E& BATES has scribbled a farce called" Hark, Hark, the Lark"!
IT is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel de Cervantes'" Don Quixote" is the brilliant Russian spectacle, done in wide screen and color, which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses.
Larkin has an answer to all that.
after Larkin has been persuaded to restock his tangled acres with pheasants, he poaches only what he needs for the nourishment of his family and local callers.
also on the bill at the Fifty-fifth Street is a nice ten-minute color film called" Sunday in Greenwich Village", a tour of the haunts and joints.
also, perhaps, table-tennis and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented.
and of course Larkin has just the thing they want.
and the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it.
and the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed.
another is a wily countryman called Larkin, whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled, I believe, in earlier volumes of Mr& Bates' comedie humaine.
anyway, a number of them meet here in devastating collisions.
at least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for" Chicago and All That Jazz", presented on NBC- TV Nov& 26.
but strength and poignancy develop thenceforth, and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy.
but the brigadier dines on the birds with relish.
directed by Grigory Kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow, he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world.
first the Larkins are ahead, then the Jerebohms.
for Larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot.
he conjures herds of deer, and wild birds crowding the air.
he does n't really need the immense sum of money ( probably converted from American gold on the London Exchange ) he makes them pay.
he does n't think that potting them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a quart glass of beer for sustenance is entirely sporting.
he has a glorious wife and many children.
he is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands.
he suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor.
he treats this deep-eyed, bearded, bony crackpot with tangible affection and respect.
his addle-brained knight-errant, self-appointed to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the chivalrous code of knight-errantry had become a joke, is, as Cervantes no doubt intended, a gaunt but gracious symbol of good, moving soberly and sincerely in a world of cynics, hypocrites and rogues.
if there is a moral lurking among the shenanigans, it is hard to find.
in the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget, the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of" Lucia di Lammermoor" this season, returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas" Don Giovanni", designed by Franco Zeffirelli.
it 's a wonder, really, to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse.
it is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season.
it is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of supposed buffoons.
more than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire, Sancho Panza, in seventeenth-century Spain, this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character.
mr& Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable havoc.
one is an imperial London stockbroker called Jerebohm.
one of the local callers, a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India, does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds.
one of those capital-gains ventures, in fact, has saddled him with Gore Court.
oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war.
perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines.
perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics.
since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish, there is no violation of artistry or logic here.
splendid, too, is the performance of Yuri Tolubeyev, one of Russia 's leading comedians, as Sancho Panza, the fat, grotesque" squire".
television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz, which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family.
that 's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it, though.
the complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately stilted English language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the Russian dialogue.
the episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an" island" is one of the best in the film.
the name of it is Gore Court, and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T& S& Eliot.
the program came out of the NBC Special Projects department, and was slotted in the Du Pont Show of the Week series.
the spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas, for example, will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers, cooks and maids.
the stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas, the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform.
the vast, dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch.
the voices of all the characters, including that of Cherkasov, have richness, roughness or color to conform with the personalities.
there are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange.
there seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of Chicago-style jazz in prime evening time, for example, could not be justified without the trimmings of a portentous documentary.
they are willing to settle, however, in anything that offers pheasants to shoot at and peasants to work at.
they plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth.
they want to own a junior-grade castle, or a manor house, or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers.
though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don, he gives it a firmness and toughness- a sort of peasant dignity- too.
well, Jerebohm and his wife Pinkie have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities.
what 's up now?
when he needs money to buy something like, say, the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch, he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies.
" in many corners of the globe", he said," the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet.
@ IN recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium, but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948.
ALL the generals who held important commands in World War 2, did not write books.
Brahm's Sonata in A, although also vigorous, stood up well under the two artists' strong, large-scale treatment.
Francois D' Albert, Hungarian-born violinist who made his New York debut three years ago, played a return engagement last night in Judson Hall.
Haydn's Sonata in E minor, which was unfailingly pleasant in sound, and Chopin's Sonata in B flat minor.
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard, and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control.
Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing.
Miss Xydis' earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses, in which each variation was nicely set off from the others;
a Sonata for Violin and Piano, called" Bella Bella", by Robert Fleming, was given its first United States performance.
a memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance.
all of the releases, however, are recorded at a gratifyingly high level, with resultant masking of any surface noise.
almost every film bearing the imprimatur of Hollywood is physically authentic- in fact, impeccably so.
and in the new" King of Kings" the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels.
and the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of romanticism and modern bravura that Prokofieff needs.
and the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written.
and the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound.
and to an industry that prides itself on authenticity, he urged greater realism.
but except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline- i&e&, that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz- the film version has little to do with the Bible.
but, alas, the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge.
drums, xylophones, castanets, and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well.
during the making recently of an important Biblical film, some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors, but of architectural developments, sports arenas, vehicles, and other paraphernalia were compiled, consulted, and complied with.
earlier this month Edward R& Murrow, director of the United States Information Agency, came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry.
he intimated that they were n't doing the country much good in the Cold War.
he is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College.
he made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases, and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance.
he talked about unauthentic storylines too.
his pianist was Donald Jenni, a faculty member at DePaul University.
if a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone, what conclusions do you think he might come to?
in any given period piece the costumes, bric-a-brac, vehicles, and decor, bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity.
in vying with him, Mr& D' Albert also seemed to be overdriving his tone.
it is" Defeat Into Victory", by Field Marshal Viscount Slim.
it only seems as if they did.
it was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best.
many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic, but not realistic.
mr& D' Albert has a firm, attractive tone, which eschews an overly sweet vibrato.
one of the very best is only now published in this country, five years after its first publication in England.
only too often, however, you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right.
she played with style and a touch of the grand manner, and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures.
since she also has considerable technical virtuosity and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition, Miss Xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure.
so what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest showing.
standard items by Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program.
strange, but true- authenticity and realism often are n't related at all.
the Rachmaninoff Prelude No& 12, Op& 32, for instance, gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special facilities- the ability to produce fine deep-sounding bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver filagree in the treble.
the acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists, so that for the first half of the program, when the piano was partially open, Mr& Jenni 's playing was too loud.
the drama itself- and this seems to be lavishly true of Biblical drama- often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all.
the four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured, rich in color and songful.
the major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter.
the penalty for this is noticeable in the big, bold, brilliant, but brassy piano sounds in { Melody and Percussion for Two Pianos } ( SP-44007 ).
the second half of her program was devoted to Russian composers of this century.
the storyline, in sort, is wildly unrealistic.
the title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer, who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada.
the work 's two movements, one melodically sentimental, the other brightly capricious, are clever enough in a Ravel-like style, but they rehash a wornout idiom.
there is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings, apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies.
they are definitely in the same room with you, but your head starts to swing as though you were sitting on the very edge of a tennis court watching a spirited volley.
they might well indicate conjugal felicity, but in musical terms that smack of Hollywood.
this was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances, however, except in the case of the opening work, Mozart's Sonata in A ( K& 526 ), which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion.
thus, in" The Story of Ruth" we have Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic.
works by Dohnanyi, Hubay, Mr& D' Albert himself and Paganini, indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase.
would we want a future-day Gibbon or Macaulay recounting the saga of America with movies as his prime source of knowledge?
yet for much of the globe, Hollywood is just that- prime, if not sole, source of knowledge.
{ big Band Percussion } ( SP-44002 ) seemed one of the least attractive discs- the arrangements just did n't have so much character as the others.
{ pass in Review } practically guarantees enjoyment, and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system.
{ the Percussive Twenties } ( SP-44006 ) stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day, and Johnny Keating's Kombo gives forth with tingling jazz in { Percussive Moods } ( SP-44005 ).
" } with music and lyrics by Frank Loesser, directed by Christopher Hewett, choreography by Peter Conlow, musical direction by Samuel Matlowsky.
", and Berman sifted out all alone on the stage with the ambling chords and beat of the song just whispering into being.
#@# Since the organization was created thirteen years ago, it is obvious that this is not the original company;
Berman, whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist, proved himself very much at home in musical comedy.
John Heffernan, playing Larry Larkin, the cartoonist, carries the show in marvelous fashion.
Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish, almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment.
Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here, usually well, but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste.
a word should be said for Gary Morgan, a Broadway youngsters who, as the adopted son, makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular.
also fine are Sue Lawless, as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive, Harold Cherry, as her scratchy spouse, and Hildy Weissman, as a vegetable in human form.
an unsuccessful playwright and actor, he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists.
and for his playmate, Francis Coletta of West Warwick, who has a bit part, Billy.
and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men.
but it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten.
but the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist, and it has to be that way.
by the end of the third act, the artist is dead but the body lingers on, a shell among other shells.
directed by Michael Murray;
everywhere there are little touches of humor, and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth.
for the hero of this work by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session.
furthermore, he 's something of a scoundrel, an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips.
he 's mad at a world he did not make.
he does, and more.
he dropped his earlier and delightful hamming, which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called" Charley's Aunt", and let himself go with as an appealing an" Amy" as anybody could ask.
his portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless.
in brief, Berman played himself and not Bolger.
indeed, there are never fewer than eight of them on stage, and that is only for the more intimate numbers.
it is a tremendous book, lively, constantly moving, and the Matunuck cast does well by it.
it is awfully talky, for instance, and not all of the talk is terribly impressive.
it is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger.
it is into this household, one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people, that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play.
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company.
just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart, whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch.
not altogether a successful play," Epitaph for George Dillon" overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling.
not that Mr& Hedison does not make the most of his role.
on the whole, audiences will like this performance.
one of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented," Once in Love with Amy" is also, of course, one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era.
settings by William David Roberts.
so the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act 2, got a rousing opening chorus," Where's Charley?
sparrow-size Virginia Gibson, with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile, made a suitably perky Amy, while Melisande Congdon, as the real aunt, was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner.
still, his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance, despair.
the ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by" The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band", along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later.
the big audience started applauding even before he had finished.
the cast: @ Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater, and Shelley Berman was to blame.
the cast: @ Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr's" King of Hearts".
the cast: @ The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse, where" Epitaph for George Dillon" opened as the jazz festival closed.
the costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days.
the dialogue is sharp, witty and candid- typical" do n't eat the daisies" material- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays, and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it.
the girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters.
the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera," Strasny Dwor', may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see;
the stage is constantly full of them;
the story is of a famous strip cartoonist, an arty individual, whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material.
the whole production this week is fresh and lively.
the { NEWPORT PLAYHOUSE } presents {" EPITAPH FOR GEORGE DILLON" } by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton, directed by Wallace Gray.
the { THEATRE-BY-THE-SEA }, Matunuck, presents" King of Hearts" by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke.
the { WARWICK MUSICAL THEATER } presents {" Where's Charley?
there is a fine second act, as an example, one in which Samuel Groom, as Dillon, has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another.
there is an enchanting polonaise;
there is for example, a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act;
they can be exuberant or sentimental, flirtatious or funny, but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull.
they not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well.
this is an exciting young actor to watch.
this is in contrast to the family with whom he boards.
this is when his troubles begin, not to mention a fiedgling artist who he hires, and who turns out to have ideas of his own, with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary.
this may be unfortunate, perhaps, from the standpoint of David Hedison, Providence's contribution to Hollywood, who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox.
to pick out particular numbers is something of a problem, but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed.
" how the Kooks Crumble" features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio- TV commercials, and" The Watchers of the Night" is a veritable waking nightmare.
" one of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed.
" the Tyranny of Trivia" suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber.
#@# A burlesque paean entitled:" Hark the Herald Tribune, Times, and All the Other Angels Sing" brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey.
#@# Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference.
#@# In a sense, perhaps, Thurber is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter ( was it Salvador Dali?
#@# Stalin's death, Churchill's farewell to public life, Hillary and Tensing on Everest, Quemoy and Matsu- all subjects for a noble anger or an accolade.
' I thought it was a human being '".
' it 's just a bat ' said my wife reassuringly, and I sighed with relief.
' thank God for that ' I said;
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen.
**h I think that readers generally hate < minute > polemics and recriminations.
Dulles?
James, he remarks in a letter to a friend," is attempting the impossible **h namely, to produce upon the reader, as a painting produces upon the gazer, a number of superimposed, simultaneous impressions.
McCarthy?
Suez?
a semi-serious literary document entitled" The Wings of Henry James" is noteworthy, if only for a keenly trenchant though little-known comment on the master's difficult later period by modest Owen Wister, author of" The Virginian".
a tribute to midsummer" bang-sashes" seems terribly funny, though it would be hard to explain why.
about all that remains to be said is that the present selection, most of which appeared first in The New Yorker, comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace, held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book.
all polemic of ours should, I believe, be either very broad statements of contrast, or fine points treated singly, and as far as possible impersonally **h.
and new vistas of hairshirt asceticism are opened by scholarly monographs entitled:" friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ear-Muffs"," Such a Phrase as Drifts Through Dream", and" The New Vocabularianism".
and the leading issue, that of piecemeal aggression, remains the same.
as far as the rising generation goes, why not simply express ourselves positively, and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other.
but there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low.
but there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning.
but this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion.
but why need one reply to everything and everybody?
do we ourselves offer Mr& Low less of a crusade?
equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation:" so much has already been written about everything that you can n't find out anything about it".
for many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight.
he does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man.
he is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties.
he would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once, and get all at once, the various shadings and complexities".
he writes," Confucius held that in times of stress one should take short views- only up to lunchtime".
here again ' God will know his own '".
in his concluding paragraph he writes:" the devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can".
in the thirties we would not face our enemy;
instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles.
it is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate word-games for insomniacs, the hospitalized, and others forced to rely on inner resources, including ( in the P 's alone )" palindromes"," paraphrases", and" parodies".
it might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key.
it might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now.
low seems to have supported Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently, so there is no fire in his eye.
now we have stood up to the Communists;
or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere?
or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ):" woman's place is in the wrong".
some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor, malapropism, and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases.
that is, it is literally a picture window: you do n't see into the viscera;
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element.
the Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler.
the collected works of James Thurber, now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence, as every schoolboy knows.
the latest Low is a puzzler.
the master's hand has lost none of its craft.
the one unifying note, if any, is sounded in the initial article entitled:" how to Get Through the Day".
the primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings, akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall, is equally well known.
the reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse, and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself, and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race, her hair standing straight out.
the skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath.
there is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show.
this is drama enough.
this is something like what Thurber's best effects are like, if I am not mistaken.
though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) Thurber has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple, unaffected humanness.
we are stronger and more self-confident- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights.
whatever the cause, his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic.
who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences?
you see a picture- trees, or flowers.
" Donnybrook" is no" Brigadoon", but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing.
" a Toast To The Bride", sung by Clarence Nordstrom, playing a character called Old Man Toomey, is quite simple, direct and touching.
#@# An impressive technician, Mr& Skolovsky has fine rhythm, to boot.
#@# The Franck symphonic poem," Psyche", is a lush, sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again.
Joan Fagan, a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not, plays Ellen, and sings the role very well, too.
Paul Paray, rounding out his current stint with the orchestra, is a solid musician, and the Philharmonic plays for him.
Rouben Ter-Arutunian, in his stage settings, often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr& Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow.
SOME of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow.
Susan Johnson, as the widow, spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the unlamented death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one.
WE can all breathe more easily this morning- more easily and joyously, too- because Joshua Logan has turned the stage show," Fanny", into a delightful and heart-warming film.
_@_ This is the tale of one John Enright, an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man.
a new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's" Festival Overture", receiving its first New York hearing.
a school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs.
a tiny handful never did make the concert.
although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique, that 's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have, anyway.
and in the Prokofieff C major Piano Concerto, with Zadel Skolovsky as soloist, he was an admirable partner.
and in the role of Will Danaher, Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army, if he chose.
and the composer himself was called the" age of steel pianist".
art Lund, a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice, impersonates Enright.
but Innesfree, where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother, Will, live, is no place for a man who will not use his fists.
but granted all this, one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr& Skolovsky supplied.
but now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the English-dialogue picture at the Music Hall yesterday.
but, after a fifteen-minute delay, the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings.
by and large, Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film," The Quiet Man", provides the entertainment it set out to, and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one.
fortunate for the music itself, it is not too frequent a visitor;
he did not let the strings, for instance, weep, whine or get hysterical.
he swept through the music with ease, in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner.
his interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy.
his matchmaking is, naturally, incidental, and it only serves Flynn right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony.
his tone is the weakest part of his equipment;
if it were, its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become cloying.
if the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it, never mind;
it is not program music, though.
it is, after all, a non-romantic work ( even with the big, juicy melody of the second movement );
it runs a little more than ten minutes, is workmanlike, busy, methodical and featureless.
it sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain, and some of it, such as the catchy" Sez I", does.
it tends to be hard and colorless.
it was an excellent concert.
it was not a heavy, ponderous Beethoven.
more than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star, the great Raimu, were looking askance at the project.
mr& Foy is a joy, having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect.
mr& Paray resisted the temptation to over-emphasize the melodic elements of the score.
mr& Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received.
mr& Skolovsky's approach to the concerto was bold, sweeping and tonally percussive.
now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs, torso and neck, except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play.
she fits into the general scheme well enough.
she has a good, firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening.
so Enright 's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably, thereby providing the tale which is told.
so is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction.
taken as a whole, though, it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra.
the ballads are sweet and sad, and the music generally competent.
the fans of the musical were, too.
the male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating.
the men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters, and their dancing and singing is fine.
the music sang nicely, sprinted evenly when necessary, was properly accented and balanced.
the task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in Marseilles and putting them again on the screen, after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom, was a delicate and perilous one, indeed.
their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid, intelligent and natural sounding.
then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters, but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they' re quite entertaining.
then there is a matchmaker, one Mikeen Flynn, a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected.
there is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at" Donnybrook", unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish.
they faced a rather small audience, as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon.
this was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry.
whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show, whether partial to music or no, you can n't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart.
you may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother, and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means.
" and her own personal songs like" The Man That Got Away", and the inevitable" Over the Rainbow".
"," Puttin' on the Ritz"," How Long Has This Been Going On?
#@# Chabrier's delightful music stands just at the point where the classical, rationalist tradition, ( handed down to Chabrier largely in the form of operetta and salon music ) becomes virtually neo-classicism.
@ WHAT was omitted from" A Neglected Education" were those essentials known as" the facts of life".
Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Gontran.
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring.
Chabrier's little one-act operetta, presented yesterday afternoon at Town Hall, is a fragile, precious little piece, very French, not without wit and charm.
I make this observation about the lady, Miss Judy Garland, because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day:" Judy Garland has arrived in London.
Miss Garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb showmen.
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing, and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations.
all went home happy except the Newport police, who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh, and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar.
along about 4:30, just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side, Judy came on singing, in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind.
and Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed, at times, a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings.
and time after time she really belted out her songs.
at the start of her program there were evidences of pique.
before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music, trundling microphones about the stage, helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere.
but it did n't take Judy Garland, showman, long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it.
but they wish they could bring it back.
but what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like Bob Brookmeyer's arrangement of" Django's Castle".
but who cares, when the lady sings?
certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet.
for subtle swinging rhythms, I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of" Weep", and the fireworks went on display in" 18 Carrots for Robert", a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges.
had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon.
he prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like.
her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing.
her" Rockabye Your Baby" was as good as it can be done, and her really personal songs, like" The Man That Got Away" were deeply moving.
in Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies.
in her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm& lenses and shoot at extreme range.
it all takes place in the eighteenth century.
it was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera," The Poor Sailor", set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau, a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea, a sailor returns, unrecognized, and gets done in by his wife.
on the contrary, Miss Mao and Mr& Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn, Dvorak, Canteloube, Copland and Britten.
sat there and as a woman sang, she kept getting thinner and thinner, right before my eyes, and the eyes of some 5,500 other people.
selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages.
several times it came near breaking, and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band, which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap.
she 's fat".
she 's not chubby.
she 's not plump.
she had held to the letter of her contract and did n't come onto the stage until well after 4 p&m&, the appointed hour, although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program underway at 3.
she was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers.
sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged- which was the way I felt about her" Come Rain or Come Shine"- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent, like her shatteringly beautiful" Beautiful Weather".
songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao, who is a native of China, and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr& Fuller, who is English by birth.
the audience would n't let her leave until it had heard" Over The Rainbow"- although the fellow that kept crying for" Get Happy" had to go home unhappy, about that item anyway.
the humor of the situation can be imagined.
the musical cleverness and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or mawkish.
the performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal.
the poor uneducated newlywed, a certain Gontran de Boismassif, has his problems in getting the necessary information.
the simple, clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes.
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano.
the work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music.
then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs.
there also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of" Do It Again", and she made the tart observation that" I never saw so much moving about in an audience".
there was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers, who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group.
they applauded every number, not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme- sometimes at the first chord.
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more, as though they could never get enough.
they were rewarded with splendid, exciting, singing.
things like" When You 're Smiling"," Almost Like Being In Love"," Do It Again"," Born to Wander"," Alone Together"," Who Cares?
this was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles.
this was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening- flashes in the distance, but no storm.
thre was, therefore, more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise.
to her partisan audience, such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise;
unfortunately, Blakey does n't choose to work much of the time in this vein.
what a silly, artificial way of life, Chabrier and his librettists chuckle.
with the exception of a few spots, Milhaud's music mostly churns away with his usual collection of ditties, odd harmonies, and lumbering, satiric orchestration.
yes, Arlene is her name;
#@# Make no mistake, this Gorky Studio drama is a respectable import- aptly grave, carefully written, performed and directed.
#@# Mr& Wallenstein, who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle, also conducted the" Leonore" Overture No& 3 and the Fourth Symphony.
#@# The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky, the Rachmaninoff Third, and the Prokofieff Third.
#RESOURCEFUL VOICES# There are the full-bodied, resourceful voices of Robert Weede, Mimi Benzell and Tommy Rall to make the most of Mr& Herman 's lilting melodies and, for an occasional change of pace, the bright humor of Molly Picon.
#RING OF BRIGHT WATER, BY GAVIN MAXWELL.
( still another song in" Strike Up the Band"-" I 've Got a Crush on You"- was retrieved from a 1928 failure," Treasure Girl".
) #SECOND CHANCE# Like the Gershwins, Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them.
211 PAGES.
Alfred Wallenstein, the conductor, sensitive accompanist that he is, picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of broodinf, poetic mystery.
Dorothy Loudon's raucous listing of the attractions" At the Roxy Music Hall" from" I Married an Angel";
Elaine Stritch, who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness, belts some life into most of her songs, but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr& Coward's songs.
Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb& 4.
Norman Paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompanimen Turning to the current musical season on Broadway, the most widely acclaimed of the new arrivals, { How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying }, has been transferred to an original cast album ( R& C& A& Victor LOC 1066;
Robert Morse, singing with comically plaintive earnestness, carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in Frank Loesser's score.
Rudy Vallee, who shares star billing with Mr& Morse, makes only two appearances.
THE Symphony of the Air, greatly assisted by Van Cliburn, last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start.
THERE are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in.
WITH three fine Russian films in recent months on World War 2,-" The House I Live In"," The Cranes Are Flying" and" Ballad of a Soldier"- we had every right to expect a real Soviet block-buster in" The Day the War Ended".
all the performances of the evening were smooth and assured, and the sizable company, with Mr& Nagrin and Marion Scott as its leading dancers, seemed to be fine shape.
altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists.
among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of" The Garrick Gaieties", an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed;
and although there was plenty of vigor in the performance, the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical, yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the hallmarks of Beethoven.
and the incisive style with which Charlotte Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of" I Blush", a song that was cut from" A Connecticut Yankee".
at the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie, and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs, repeating each of them in five different communities.
but they were not what distinguished his performance.
deemed too static when it was first heard in" Lady Be Good" in Philadelphia in 1924, it was dropped from the score.
for this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel, Mr& Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles.
he shares with Mr& Morse a parody of the college anthems he once sang while his second song is whisked away from him by Virginia Martin, a girl with a remarkably expressive yip in her voice.
if one of Mr& Rodgers' melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than interment in Boston or the obscurity of a Broadway failure, Mr& Hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show.
in describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city, the picture has color, pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments.
in general, Mr& Loesser has done a more consistent job as lyricist than he has as composer.
in the more casually constructed musicals of the Nineteen Twenties and Nineteen Thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit.
it 's the old story, war or no war, and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's" Titanic", several seasons back, when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante.
it finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of" Strike Up the Band" in 1929.
it simply is n't, not by a long shot.
it was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of" Strike Up the Band" and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up.
it was pleasant last night, therefore, to hear him do something else: a concerto he has recently recorded," The Emperor".
like Mr& Loesser, Jerry Herman is both composer and lyriist for { Milk and Honey } ( R& C& A& Victor LOC 1065;
mr& Cliburn gave the slow movement some of the quality of a Chopin Nocturne.
mr& Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms.
not content to create only the music and lyrics, Noe^l Coward also wrote the book and directed { Sail Away } ( Capitol WAO 1643;
not that the picture is superficial.
one high-up camera shot is magnificent, as the Germans straggle from a cathedral, dotting a huge, cobblestone square, and drop their weapons.
several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney, along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory, in a delightfully refreshing album, { Rodgers and Hart Revisited } ( Spruce Records, 505 Fifth Avenue, New York ).
stereo LSO 1065 ), but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics.
stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments, although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect.
stereo SWAO 1643 ), a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr& Coward 's more memorable works.
tenderly and rather tediously, the camera rivets on the abrupt, deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher, complicated by nothing more than a friend they do n't want to hurt.
the Artkino presentation, with English titles, opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre.
the collaboration was remarkable, as it was in both the other movements, too.
the details of the suburban concerts next season, and the centers in which they will be given, will be announced later, Mr& Toobin said.
the elements that did were the introspective slow movement, the beautiful transition to the third movement, and the passages of filigree that laced through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final Rondo.
the melodies flow along pleasantly, as Mr& Coward's songs usually do, but his lyrics have a tired, cut-to-a-familiar-pattern quality.
the music here, Russell Smith's" Tetrameron", sounded good.
the orchestra was obviously on its mettle and it played most responsively.
the young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone, so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him.
they showed they were glad that Carnegie would have a major orchestra playing there so often next season to take up the slack with the departure to Lincoln Center of the New York Philharmonic, the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Boston Symphony.
this news, announced by Jerome Toobin, the orchestra's administrative director, brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall.
this season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains.
today, in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show, it is understandable that a song, no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms, is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it.
told strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian conquerors, the film compassionately peers over the shoulders of a smitten Soviet couple, at both sides of the conflict's aftermath.
under Yakov Segal's direction, it begins stirringly, as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other, waiting for the first surrender gesture.
unfortunately, the whole picture hinges on this romance, at the expense of everything else.
yet there is the classic case of the Gershwins'" The Man I Love".
" Djangology", made up of tracks he recorded with Stephane Grappelly and the Quintet of the Hot Club of France.
" I Saw Stars"," Lover Man"," Menilmontant" and" Swing 42".
#@# All these- potboilers or no- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively, colorful, unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors.
#@# The American part of the evening consisted of Paul Creston's Dance Overture, William Schuman's" Chester" from" New England Triptych" and two works of Wallingford Riegger, Dance Rhythms, Op& 58, and a Romanza for Strings, Op& 56 A. the Creston is purely a potboiler, with Spanish, English, French and American dances mixed into the stew.
Anthony Steel, as the husband, is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce, labeling her action adulterous.
Cedric Haywood, piano;
DJANGO REINHARDT, the ill-fated gypsy, was a true artist, one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels.
Django, who was born Jean Baptiste Reinhardt in Belgium and who died in 1953 in France, was an extraordinary man.
Hirsch says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world.
Hirsch's Scapin is healthy, cheerful, energetic, revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves.
Julian Davidson, guitar;
MISCHA ELMAN shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers.
Phil Gomez, clarinet;
Seigner is the dean of the company, the oldest actor in point of continuous service.
Seigner, however, is a fine actor and probably the busiest man in the company;
Wellman Braud, bass, and Minor Hall, drums.
a WOMAN who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of" A Question of Adultery", yesterday's new British import at the Apollo.
all this is great proceedings- get the minutes.
all this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems.
among his other parts are the leads in" The Bourgeois Gentleman" and" The Imaginary Invalid".
and Django owed much to Louis Armstrong.
and surely his Scapin has a fresh directness, a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant.
and this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz.
but, with all due respects and allowances, it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet, more mannered than musical.
good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made.
he dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans.
he is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin.
he is starred against Alvin Alcorn, trumpet;
he told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris.
here some innovation is attempted.
here, he is, quite persuasively, the very embodiment of meanness and slyness.
his horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to remember.
his normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man, frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly.
his portion of the program- and a big portion it was- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin: to wit, the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky.
in Moliere's farce," The Tricks of Scapin", Robert Hirsch undertakes another of the great roles.
in its present artless, low-budget form, the subject matter seems designed to invite censorial wrath.
in that function, he helps to rebut another legend about the Comedie.
it was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change.
it was the first jazz he had heard.
kid Ory, the trombonist chicken farmer, is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz.
like his sweet, attractive Romanza, it belongs to what the composer called his" Non-Dissonant ( Mostly )" category of works.
most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette.
mr& Elman is 70 years old.
occasionally, Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another.
of course, they do not reflect sincerity, but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation.
since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise, the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems, at best, superfluous.
so was the playing.
that is an evening of music-making that would faze many a younger man;
the Riegger, with its Latin hesitation bounce, is just this side of the pale;
the Schuman" Chester" takes off from an old William Billings tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect.
the actor plays his role glumly under the lurid direction of Don Chaffey, as do Basil Sydney as his unsympathetic father and Anton Diffring as an innocent bystander.
the explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident.
the occasion was sentimental;
the set contains" High Society"," Do What Ory Say"," Down Home Rag"," Careless Love", Jazz Me Blues"," Weary Blues"," Original Dixieland One-Step"," Bourbon Street Parade"," Panama"," Toot, Toot, Tootsie"," Oh Did n't He Ramble"," Beale Street Blues"," Maryland, My Maryland"," 1919 Rag"," Eh, La Bas"," Mood Indigo", and" Bugle Call Rag".
the whole role, by the way, is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts.
there is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who does n't owe something to Django.
there were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman.
they play:" minor Swing"," Honeysuckle Rose"," Beyond the Sea"," Bricktop"," Heavy Artillery"," Djangology"," After You 've Gone"," Where Are You, My Love"?
this is a choice item and Grappely deserves mention too, of course.
to begin with, Scapin is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master.
we are often told that the Comedie has, unfortunately, life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy, drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage.
we have Alfredo Antonini to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony.
with Julie London enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity, the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive.
you can catch up with him- if you have n't already- on RCA-Victor's album.
" all platforms are meaningless: the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it".
" in the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion".
" race" music, folk songs and melodies, and gospel programs.
" the forgotten 15 million"- as Sponsor tagged the Negro market in its first survey- has become a better-remembered 19 million.
#@# One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's" Shadow Song".
#PRESSURES PORTRAYED# Throughout" The Making of a President" Mr& White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates, how decisions have constantly to be made, how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down, how subordinates play key roles.
Miss Pons is certainly not 70-no singer ever is- and yet the rewards of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments.
NOSTALGIA WEEK at Lewisohn Stadium, which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old Mischa Elman on Tuesday night, continued last night as Lily Pons led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts.
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation".
_@_ Advertisers are changing their attitudes, both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it.
_@_ Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational, economic, and cultural levels.
a half-dozen other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population, up about 50 per cent in the past decade.
a year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business.
advertisers have discovered the tendency of Negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests.
advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern.
also, the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York- not in the South at all.
and WWRL's colorful mobile unit, cruising predominately Negro neighborhoods, is a frequent reminder of that station's round-the-clock dedication to nonwhite interests.
and he makes many interesting comments.
and many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words, working only from a fact sheet.
at least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states.
but the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations, plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers, give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects.
but to operate in American politics one must go a step further- one must build a bridge to such names, establish a warmth, a personal connection".
few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived.
few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness.
for 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio.
from early family portraits, painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate.
furthermore, news and special presentations inform the listener about groups, projects, and personalities rarely mentioned on a general-appeal station.
futhermore, the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects, not simply serve on the air.
he even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised- despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in commercials.
he tends to shy away from the hooting and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs famous".
here are several:" the root question in American politics is always: who 's the Man to See?
in New York City, WLIB boasts" more community service programs than any other Negro station" and" one of the largest Negro news staffs in America".
in all big cities outside the South, and even in small towns within the South, radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners.
in all fairness, there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear, flashes even of the old consummate vocalism.
in the last decade the number of Negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent, and the number of Negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent, according to a research man quoted by Sponsor.
in the past 10 years, Sponsor observes, these trends have become apparent: _@_ Negro population in the U&S& has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent.
it also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed: that more than half of the U&S& Negroes live outside the southeastern states.
it is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the Negro.
it will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro, seeking to become urbanized, as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life.
later on this problem vanished, and the" Flower Song" from Bizet's" Carmen" was beautifully and intelligently projected.
lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible.
mr& Verreau began shakily, with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant whiteness when pushed beyond middle volume.
not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners- an audience which, in the United States, comprises some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year.
of course, the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching.
on the whole, however, one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on.
one question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the Negro is moving into a fully integrated status.
presentation of" The Life and Times of John Sloan" in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art.
radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listener.
recently, WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit.
rhythm-and-blues mood music;
sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor Richard Verreau, making his stadium debut on this occasion.
sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular Negro bands and singers;
sponsor quotes John McLendon of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and and" does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race;
staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate Sloan collection by the artist's widow, Helen Farr Sloan, to the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts, the exhibition presents a survey of Sloan's work.
the 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the population growth.
the Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations, whose signals reach more than half the total U&S& Negro population.
the better part of gallantry might be, perhaps, to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown, and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing. no orchestra, however, could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night.
the mushrooming of FM outlets, offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ), lectures, and other special events, is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity.
the sociological impact is perhaps most eloquently summed up in this quotation of J& Walter Carroll of KSAN, San Francisco:" Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today, because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions, achievements and desires.
the years suddenly fell away at this point.
these and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine, a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers.
to understand American politics is, simply, to know people, to know the relative weight of names- who are heroes, who are straw men, who controls, who does not.
what sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows?
whatever the long-range impact of integration, the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal.
" roots", the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St& which has been made over from a night club, is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl.
#@# As" Much Ado" turned serious while the insipid Claudio rejected Hero at the altar, a sprinkle began to fall.
#FLEETING GLIMPSE# This slim book, while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe, has the appeal that informed conversation always has.
Beatie, getting no sympathy for her misfortune, soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom.
Beatrice ( Nan Martin ) and Benedick ( J& D& Cannon ) took their places on the stage.
Joseph Papp, impassioned founder of the festival and director of" Much Ado", had a vibrant, colorful production under way.
Miss Doyle as Beatie has a great fund of animal spirits, a strong voice and a warm smile.
SHAKESPEARE had a word for everything, even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's" Much Ado About Nothing" opening the season of free theatre in Central Park.
a voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes.
and although the universe may forever defy understanding, it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man.
at first hardly a person in the audience moved, although some umbrellas were opened.
because electrical forces ( the charge-excess ) are far more powerful than gravitation, the surface hydrogen atoms would shoot away from the sphere.
but I am afraid Mr& Wesker's meat and potatoes dish is n't well seasoned enough for local audiences.
but the rain came more heavily, and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart.
but this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr& Wesker dedicates to it.
but while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her, Ronnie has not been able to observe her progress, and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull, he sends Beatie a letter of dismissal.
despite a too long sustained declamatory flight, this final speech is convincing, and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by" Roots".
dr& Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons.
dr& Lyttleton then imagines the universe as a large hydrogen sphere with surface atoms shooting away from it.
for new galaxies to be created, Professor Bondi declares, it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years.
for this reason, he says, the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions.
he contends this idea does n't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments.
highly successful in England before its transfer to New York, most of" Roots" is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy.
if this is true, then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence, even though the universe is expanding.
in doing away with the tea tray, the elephants and the giant tortoise, science has developed a series of rationally defensible explanations of the cosmos.
in their very first speeches it was clear that Shakespeare, like a Nostradamus, had foreseen this moment.
it is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science.
more than half the audience departed.
new galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies.
now for the good points.
now if one hydrogen atom were placed at the surface of a large sphere of hydrogen atoms, it would be subject both to the gravitation of the sphere and the charge-excess of all those atoms in the sphere.
only in its final scene, where Beatie Bryant ( Mary Doyle ) shakes off the disappointment of being jilted by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of boorish rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts.
others huddled under the trees outside the fence.
presently, the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation.
protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other, and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen- the basic building block of matter.
rather they are genuine clods, proud of their cloddishness and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of aesthetics or thought.
replied Beatrice:" yea, and I will weep a while longer".
said Benedick:" lady Beatrice, have you wept all this while"?
seeming to have roots in the soil, they actually have none in life.
several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion, and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field.
she is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating, including a dose of good British socialism.
so much untidiness of mind and household does not attract the interest of the theatergoer ( unless he has been living in a gilded palace, perhaps, and wants a real big heap of contrast ).
some remained in the Wollman enclosure, fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads.
suppose, says Dr& Lyttleton, the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron ( so slight it is presently immeasurable ).
the New York Shakespeare Festival, which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed, began bravely.
the audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and overflowed onto the lawns outside the fence.
the barbed sallies of Beatrice and Benedick, so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult, raised chuckles.
the burden of Mr& Wesker's message is that people living close to the soil ( at least in England ) are not the happy, fine, strong, natural, earthy people city-bred intellectuals imagine.
the charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite, but Dr& Lyttleton is not so sure.
the gallant company completed Act 4, and got through part of Act 5,.
the grieving Hero and her father, Leonato, followed by the Friar, left the stage.
the heavens refused to give up their weeping.
the messy meals, the washing of dishes, the drying of clothes may be realism, but there is such a thing as redundancy.
the simple-minded comedy of Dogberry and Verges, also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' heads, evoked laughter.
the vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace, with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon, cast a spell of delight.
there were several fairly good minor portraits in the play, including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn, rather pathetic father, and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin' nonsense from her daughter, or anyone else.
there would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us, giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions.
these scientists are convinced that a telescope unclouded by the earth's gases will go a long way toward bolstering or destroying cosmic theories.
they care no more for politics, says Mr& Wesker, than they do for a symphony.
they dwell, in short, in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived.
this would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess.
this, he claims, would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe.
twenty minutes after the interruption, although it was still raining, the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped.
using a wide stage resourcefully he mingled music and dance with Shakespeare's words in a spirited mixture.
" blue Skies, Brown Studies" is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs.
#@# Mrs& Reavey's work is written for the stage- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall- and, in addition, employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged.
#@# Somewhere in Mrs& Reavey's play there is both protest and aspiration of merit.
#BEAUTY BORROWED FROM AFAR# In one of his best essays Mr& Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea Palladio himself that dot the environs of Vicenza.
#MIDDLE ATLANTIC STATES._ The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October, choice routes being 9 N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area.
#NATURE# _CANADA._ Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak, especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St& Lawrence River.
IN recent days there have been extensive lamentations over the absence of original drama on television, but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio.
Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle;
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept& 23 to Oct& 10, with both Muskoka ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and Haliburton ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept& 23.
THE Moiseyev Dance Company dropped in at Madison Square Garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long American tour to a close.
WBAI is on the right track: in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre, as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to demonstrate.
WBAI, the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band, has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void.
_NEW ENGLAND._ Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept& 25 to Oct& 15, and often hit a height in early October.
_SOUTHEAST._ During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia.
a WEEKLY showcase for contemporary music, from the austere archaism of Stravinsky to the bleeps and bloops of electronic music, is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month.
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling" of woodsmoke and clarity".
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called" City Quadrille" are all just as good as one remembers them to have been, and they are welcome back.
and, for all his lacquered, almost Byzantine self-consciousness, he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison.
as autumn starts its annual sweep, few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring.
below is a specific guide, keyed to the calendar.
but its relentless discursiveness and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a listener's stamina begins to wilt.
but one wishes, when the appetite is whetted, as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera, that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions.
but quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words.
farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October, notably along routes 23 and 23 A. about the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct& 14, 15.
foliage pilgrimages, either organized or individual, are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year.
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need reinvigoration.
he can coin a neat phrase:" a street spattered with an invigoration of people";
how far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr& Sansom reminds us thus:" the white colonnaded, cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South, the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza: the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch, the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen, his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep, his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips".
in a succession of scenes they appear in different guises- patrons of a cafe, performers in a circus and participants in a family picnic- but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty.
in fact, a freezing autumn dulls the blaze.
in the Canadian Rockies, great groves of aspen are already glinting gold.
in the Maritime provinces farther east, the tones are a little quieter.
in western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut, the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October.
it is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene.
it is good to see those numbers again.
it is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season, but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart.
last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Richard Yardumian and a brief excerpt from a new" space" opera by the Swedish composer, Karl-Birger Blomdahl.
moreover, her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills.
new Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches.
new Jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water Gap to Cape May.
nice, even if a trifle gaudy.
other Saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected American composer, a particular type of music or the music of a given country.
so, for that matter, are the newer dances- the" Kalmuk Dance" with its animal movements, that genial juggling act by Sergei Tsvetkov called" The Platter", the rousing and beautiful betrothal celebration called" Summer"," The Three Shepherds" of Azerbaijan hopping up on their staffs, and, of course, the trenchant" Rock ' n ' Roll".
spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth.
the amusing" Yurochka", in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance;
the best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain, followed by sunny days and cool nights.
the brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points, and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze.
the enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station WQXR.
the first Saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings.
the lovely ( and of course vigorous )" Polyanka" or" The Meadow";
the most brilliant displays are along the Skyline Drive above Virginia's Shenandoah Valley and throughout the Great Smokies between North Carolina and Tennessee.
the only other regions so blessed are the British Isles, western Europe, eastern China, southern Chile and parts of Japan, New Zealand and Tasmania.
the play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else 's painting rather than just be themselves.
the shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of Maine.
the show is programed and written by the station's assistant continuity editor, Chuck Briefer.
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called" Bul' ba";
the three Moldavian dances entitled" Zhok";
the" Suite of Old Russian Dances" that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth;
their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson, gold, purple, bronze, blue and vermilion that flame up in North America.
titled" What's New in Music"?
tulips with" petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears";
unfortunately," Poised for Violence" was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point.
which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment;
yesterday it offered" Poised for Violence", by Jean Reavey.
Clerfayt is neurotic, preoccupied, and passive.
Clerfayt of" Heaven Has No Favorites" resembles Portago only in that he is male and a race-driver- quite a bad race-driver, whereas Portago was a good one.
Clerfayt, driving, sees himself" a volcano whose cone funneled down to hell";
Clerfayt, transported, may think of the engine driving his car as" a mystical beast under the hood".
I 'll live to be 105".
Montgomery believes that she started well.
_ TVA LAKES._ Ten thousand twisty miles of shoreline frame the 30-odd lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that loops in and out of seven states.
_LOWER MISSISSIPPI._ Memphis stinkpotters like McKellar Lake, inside the city limits, and sailors look for autumn winds at Arkabutla Lake where fall racing is now in progress.
a Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit;
a Portago could say, as he did say to me," If I die tomorrow, still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years;
about 30 per cent call themselves Christians in order to keep up appearances and be considered respectable, and only the last 10 per cent are genuine Christians and believers in democracy.
against this invincible determination to communize the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all.
at New Orleans, 25-mile-square Lake Pontchartrain has few squalls and year-long boating.
at war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the Labour Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state.
between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal denouement, Mr& Remarque has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse, some demure and rather fetching love-making, pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe, and a modicum of automobile racing.
but I shall n't die tomorrow;
but he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it- such as" cause".
but it is in the matter of preoccupation with death, which is the primary concern of the book, that Remarque's failure is plainest.
but these Western countries do care about themselves.
each feels intensely national.
errors in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the German may not convey quite everything Mr& Remarque hoped to tell us.
for all practical purposes, the West stands disunited, undedicated, and unprepared for the tasks of world leadership.
hazards to life and limb on the golf course, while existent, are actuarially insignificant.
he does not.
he is a dull, unformed, and aimless person;
he proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a knife-edge between death from tuberculosis and recovery.
her lover precedes her in death, at the wheel, and presumably he too has chosen.
his heroine chooses to die- the price of recovery, years under the strict regimen of a sanatorium, being higher than she wishes to pay.
his treatment of it is something else.
however, my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the hackneyed treatment of race-drivers, pilots, submariners, atomic researchers, and all the machine-masters of our age as brooding mystics or hysterical fatalists.
if this was in fact Mr& Remarque's intention he has achieved a notable failure.
if, say, the Russians intended to stop Tom Jones' going to the pub, then Tom Jones would fight the Commies.
in contrast, the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev, Tito, and Mao.
in point of fact, the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent, healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live.
it is Field Marshal Montgomery's belief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or Christianity;
it is an absurdity.
marinas are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better.
mr& Remarque's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble.
never given to mincing words, he places heavy blame upon the faulty, uncourageous leadership of Britain and particularly America.
off Grand Isle, yachters often visit the towering oil rigs.
one looked forward to Mr& Remarque's ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing, as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised.
perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal.
race-drivers, on the other hand, are quite often killed on the circuit, and since it was obviously Mr& Remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm, one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes.
river cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers, but power cruisers can move freely, poking into the San Jacinto, Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria.
the Briton Stirling Moss, one of the greatest < virtuosi > of all time, believes that ultra-fast road-circuit driving is an art form related to ballet.
the Italian master Piero Taruffi, no less sensitive, knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's adhesion to a wet two-lane road at 165 miles an hour as a matter best expressed in algebraic formulae.
the Mississippi Sound leads into a protected waterway running about 200 miles from Pascagoula to Apalachicola.
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality.
the book carries a disclaimer in which Remarque says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and formalities of racing.
the jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver, and he may indeed have been, although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature.
the love-making, perhaps because it is pale and low-key when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and explicitness, is often charming;
the necessity is not clear to me, and, in any case, to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car, which, or whom, he calls" Giuseppe", parked" on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him" is not a liberty;
the ramblings on life, death, and the wonder of it all are distressing;
the twelfth Marquis de Portago was intelligent, purposeful, and passionate.
this latter failure is more than merely bad reportage and it is distinctly more important than it would have been had the author drawn Clerfayt as, say, a tournament golfer.
to be human, he believes, is to seek one's own destruction: the Freudian" death-wish" cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto race-drivers.
today there are 48,500.
unhappily," Heaven Has No Favorites" does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list.
when dam construction began in 1933, fewer than 600 boats used these waters;
with Britain looking inward, overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States.
with this barrage, Montgomery of Alamein launches his attack upon the blunderings of the West.
{ THE WEST } is leaderless, according to this book.
{ a YEAR } ago it was bruited that the primary character in Erich Maria Remarque's new novel was based on the Marquis Alfonso de Portago, the Spanish nobleman who died driving in the Mille Miglia automobile race of 1957.
" Metrecal is a pretty complete food", he says.
" a remarkable substance", says Dr& Keys," quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries".
" it contains large amounts of protein, vitamins and minerals.
#FATS + CORONARIES.# Ordinarily, the human liver synthesizes only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's needs- for transportation of fats and for production of bile.
#FOOD FOR FRUSTRATION.# Far more frequently, overeating is the result of a psychological compulsion.
#OBESITY: a MALNUTRITION.# Throughout much of the world, food is still so scarce that half of the earth's population has trouble getting the 1,600 calories a day necessary to sustain life.
#THAT REMARKABLE CHOLESTEROL.# Despite his personal distaste for obesity (" disgusting" ), Dr& Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat.
@ Americans eat too much fat.
Physiologist Keys flatly dismisses such appetite depressants as the amphetamines ( Benzedrine, Dexedrine ) as dangerous" crutches for a weak will".
Puritan New England regarded obesity as a flagrant symbol of intemperance, and thus a sin.
a clot forms at the site, seals off the flow of blood to the heart and provokes a heart attack.
already many an American knows his count, and rejoices or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 ( safe ) or 250 ( dangerous ).
although the fatty protein molecules, carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol, are water soluble, cholesterol itself is insoluble, and cannot be destroyed by the body.
and extra weight increases the risk of cancer, diabetes, artery disease and heart attack.
as cholesterol piles up, it narrows, irritates and damages the artery, encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation.
but Keys worries that the Metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food.
but because liquor has a high caloric value- 100 calories per oz&- the heavy drinker is seldom hungry.
but fatty foods do.
but they cannot fully explain the process of its manufacture by the human liver.
cholesterol, the cornerstone of Dr& Keys's theory, is a mysterious yellowish, waxy substance, chemically a crystalline alcohol.
during World War 2,, doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact: despite the stresses of Nazi occupation, the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping.
even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods, eaten in normal amounts, says Dr& Keys, do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood.
eventually, says Keys, one of two things happens.
explains Keys: as the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream, they are deposited in the intima, or inner wall of a coronary artery.
food may act as a sedative, giving temporary emotional solace, just as, for some people, alcohol does.
for the army of compulsive eaters- from the nibblers and the gobblers to the downright gluttons- reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won.
he has- for unclear reasons- a 25% higher death rate from cancer.
he is particularly vulnerable to diabetes.
he may be interested in another woman, or just like being with the boys.
he may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable, because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement.
in West Africa, for example, where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals, a childhood menace is < kwashiorkor, > or" red Johnny", a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs: reddish hair, bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims, leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease.
in moderate doses, alcohol narcotizes the appestat and enhances appetite ( the original reason for the cocktail );
in rare cases, diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently, destroying nearly all sense of satiety.
in the quantity of 900 calories a day, anyone will lose weight on it- 20, 30 or 40 lbs&".
in the well-fed U&S&, deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years.
it 's a matter of boredom, and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something, because she 's being deprived of something else".
it may be fostered by frustration, depression, insecurity- or, in children, simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother 's nagging.
keys has no such objections to Metrecal, Quaker Oats's Quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are currently winning favor from dieters.
morals aside, the fat man has plenty to worry about- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him.
not until long after the war- 1950, in fact- did they get a hint of the reason.
or ( more commonly, thinks Keys ) the deposits themselves get so big that they choke off the artery's flow to the point that an infarct occurs: the heart muscle is suffocated, cells supplied by the artery die, and the heart is permanently, perhaps fatally injured.
out of cholesterol come Keys's main messages so far: @ Americans eat too much.
physical exercise raises the appestat.
physiologically, people overeat because what Dr& Jolliffe calls the" appestat" is set too high.
readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood, which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks, are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram, which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack.
reports Dr& Keys:" a fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more.
says Keys:" maybe if the idea got around again that obesity is immoral, the fat man would start to think".
scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the Greek < chole, > meaning bile, and < sterios, > meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells, since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight.
so does cold weather.
so she fishes around in the cupboard and hauls out a chocolate cake.
some families place undue emphasis on food: conversations center on it, and rich delicacies are offered as rewards, withheld as punishment.
the appestat, which adjusts the appetite to keep weight constant, is located, says Jolliffe, in the hypothalamus- near the body's temperature, sleep and water-balance controls.
the deficiency diseases- scurvy, tropical sprue, pellagra- run rampant.
the fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums.
the proteins and fats are burned off, and the cholesterol is left behind.
the result says Jolliffe:" the child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life".
the simple mechanical strain of overweight, says New York's Dr& Norman Jolliffe, can overburden and damage the heart" for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built".
the typical U&S& daily menu, says Dr& Keys, contains 3,000 calories, should contain 2,300.
they know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones.
they suspect it plays a role in the production of adrenal hormones, and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the circulatory system.
today, as Harrison's < Principles of Internal Medicine, > a standard internist's text, puts it," The most common form of malnutrition is caloric excess or obesity".
what concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation 's No& 1 killer: coronary artery disease, which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 Americans a year- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer, five times the deaths from automobile accidents.
when thus deposited, Keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial blockages that culminate in heart attacks.
with meat, milk, butter and ice cream, the calorie-heavy U&S& diet is 40% fat, and most of that is saturated fat- the insidious kind, says Dr& Keys, that increases blood cholesterol, damages arteries, and leads to coronary disease.
#SPIRIT AND COMMUNITY# There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit.
although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation, the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence.
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction.
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it.
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is, in fact, marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation, it is still a positive step forward;
and yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume, as we too often do, that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men.
apart from spirit there could be no community, for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity, cohesiveness, and permanence.
but can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation?
but it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the pundits seem to have suspected.
but the main point here is that even if such a restatement were < not > possible, the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable.
but this statement is completely unconvincing.
but, as Scripture everywhere reminds us, God < does > have need of his creatures, and the church, < a fortiori >, can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world, by God's providence, presents it.
by analogy, the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the" world" in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church.
can the church risk assuming that the" folly" of men is as dear to God as their" wisdom", or, as is also commonly implied, that" the foolishness of God" and" the foolishness of men" are simply two ways of talking about the same thing?
can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious?
every community, if it is alive has a spirit, and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity.
expressed differently: if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction, whether of the body or of the mind- < sacrificium corporis, sacrificium intellectus > - then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid.
for it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit.
for this does not account for the integral, elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds, nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell.
his point is not that mythology may not be used, but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma.
however, even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming, at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace.
if Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements ), the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant.
if the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be" understanded of the people"- and this, it must not be forgotten, is one of the goals of the perennial theological task- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation.
if to be a Christian means to say yes where I otherwise say no, or where I do not have the right to say anything at all, then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian.
in arguing in this way, we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved;
in fact, it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed.
in searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit, the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful.
in the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed, the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of" folk religion" current in the situation.
it casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power.
it is for them a given which they and they alone possess.
it is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect.
it is not material and is not a" thing" occupying space and time.
it is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere.
it is the spirit which is the source of a community 's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers.
it is they, of course, who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it.
modern man, as Dietrich Bonhoeffer has told us, has" come of age";
mythological concepts may by all means still be used, but they can be used responsibly only as" symbols" or" ciphers", that is, only if they are also constantly < interpreted > in nonmythological ( or existential ) terms.
nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated.
on the contrary, even in the heart of" the Bible belt" itself, as can be attested by any one who is called to work there, the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way, together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world.
one characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness.
so it is too with many other spirits which we all know: the spirit of Nazism or Communism, school spirit, the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team, the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan.
surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.
the absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention.
the idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and separable ideas.
the members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them.
the reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary.
the same thing is also evidenced by the extreme" culture-Protestantism" so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches.
the spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it.
the statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way, he" overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith".
there is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives, however, from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible ) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world.
think, for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps.
this does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching.
this is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class.
this is not to say that the < only > explanation of the present infatuation with Norman Vincent Peale's" cult of reassurance" or the other types of a purely cultural Christianity is the ever-present need for a demythologized gospel.
this is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition.
this must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter.
time and again in counseling and teaching, one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their" fundamentalist" heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious.
to be sure, when this is pointed out, a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about" the little flock" and" the great crowd" and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the" wisdom of the wise" in the opening chapter of First Corinthians.
until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand, we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends.
we cannot, of course, assign it any substance.
when we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned, we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence.
yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known.
yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem.
yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community.
" whence, then, comes the substance of the first man?
## ONE OF THE more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities.
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs, sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant clergymen.
Catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the Cherwell with non-Catholic students.
Christ is both unique and universal.
Christianity declares that in the life and death of Jesus Christ the unique and the universal concur.
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope.
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics < are > good Catholics.
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here, but apparently it is still in the air.
a century ago, Newman saw that liberalism ( what we now might call secularism ) would gradually but definitely make its mark on English Protestantism, and that even high Anglicanism would someday no longer be a" serviceable breakwater against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own".
a hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is" Faith of our Fathers", which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution, and which proclaims:" faith of our Fathers: Mary's prayers win our country back to thee".
a notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool, Dr& Heenan, and the Anglican Archbishop of York, Dr& Ramsey, recently appointed Archbishop of Canterbury.
a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave.
a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters;
almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England: statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants;
an Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true.
and it was interesting to observe that B&B&C&'s television film on Christmas Eve was < The Bells of St& Mary's >.
as Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning, so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ.
as represented by a spiral, history may, in some sense, be said to repeat itself;
at Oxford one hundred years ago there were very few Catholics, partly because religious tests were removed only in 1854.
because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers, English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being" un-English".
but how can one figure symbolize both?
each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death, coming as the head of a new humanity.
for a spiral has motion as well as recurrence.
for example, a writer in a recent number of < The Queen > hyperbolically states that" of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' un-English '".
further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England.
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history.
his death is his alone, yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus.
his history is his alone, yet each man must recognize his own history in it.
in this connection, it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics, priests and laity, in England, while certainly seen as good for Catholicism, is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics, especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good.
intercede for our separated brethren, that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd, the vicar of thy Son **h".
it has been my experience to find as many men as women in church, and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass. they hope, of course, to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith, and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the" Prayer for England":" O Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother, look down in mercy upon England, thy" dowry", and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee **h.
it should be admitted, too, that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ).
it was the first time an English Primate has done this since the 14th century.
many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy.
moreover, for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs.
news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit;
not a circle, then, nor a straight line, but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it;
now, not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford, but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University.
of course, the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr& Fisher, then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury, to the Vatican last December.
on successive Sundays during October, 1960, Paul Ferris ( a non-Catholic ) wrote articles in the < Observer > depicting clergymen of the Church of England, the Church of Rome and the Nonconformist Church.
one of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not, relatively speaking, many real Christians to unite.
perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly, or formulated it as precisely, as Irenaeus.
some Catholic priests lecture there;
still, it is clear from such reports, and apparently clear from the remarks of many people, that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing.
such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of mid-Victorian England.
that day is perhaps today, 1961, and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a" Protestant country".
the Catholic priest, though somewhat superficially drawn, easily came out the best.
the English saints are widely venerated, quite naturally, and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized.
the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months.
the London < Universe > devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years.
the death of a man is unique, and yet it is universal.
the first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in Adam.
the general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the Manchester < Guardian > and the Sunday < Observer > implies a kindly recognition that the Catholic Church is now at least of equal stature in England with the Protestant churches.
the good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England.
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that" Catholics, if the present system is still in operation, will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation";
the straight line would symbolize its uniqueness, the circle its universality.
there was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B&B&C&, where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson, a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest.
there were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman, who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman.
to be the Savior and the Lord, Jesus Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own;
while it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period, and that religious population shifts have emptied churches, a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church.
with traditional nationalistic spirit, some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best.
yet each historical event remains unique.
yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind.
Channing wrote this- in a letter!
Emerson evaded the problem by shoving it aside, or rather by leaving it behind him: he walked out of the Unitarian communion, so that it could lick the wound of his departure, preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious veneration.
Ezra Stiles Gannett, an honorable representative of the sanhedrin, addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845, insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist.
I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such candor in his sermons.
Parker insisted upon < not > resigning, even when the majority wanted him to depart, upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out.
Parker was never excommunicated.
Parker, along with Garrison and Charles Sumner, showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery.
actually, the dispute between Parker and the society of his time, both ecclesiastical and social, was a real one, a bitter one.
all this near tragedy, which to us borders on comedy, enables us to tell the story over and over again, always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency.
an institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution, and only within those defined limits a license.
and then, as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience, what do they, to their dismay, learn for the first time about themselves?
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal.
because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history, but salvation by the history of Christ, such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ.
because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might- with daring hyperbole- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines.
but Parker as the ultra-liberal minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the repository of liberality poses a different problem, which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom.
but Theodore Parker, commencing his mission to the world-at-large, disguised as the minister of a" twenty-eighth Congregational Church" which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ), made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum.
by reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation, we should, I am sure, come to a fresh realization, however painful it be, that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest.
even more poignantly, and with the insight of a genius, Channing added- remember, this is Channing, not Parker!- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart, should he" speak without book, and consequently break some law of speech, or be hurried into some daring hyperbole, he should find little mercy".
even so, Gannett judiciously argued, the Association could legitimately decide that Parker" should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness".
even though his theological theses have become, to us, commonplaces, the fundamental interrogation he phrased is very much with us.
finally, it did seem clear as day to these clergymen, as Gannett's son explained in the biography of his father, they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians.
for it teaches salvation from, not salvation in, time and history.
fortunately, the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity, as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins;
furthermore, as an encouragement to revisionist thinking, it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it dislikes.
grant all this- still, when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them, or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited, they betray an uneasy conscience.
had it done so, the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible, nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying" peccavi".
happily for posterity, then, the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room, though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an unforgivable brutality.
he arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with, at the least, resentment.
he still points an accusing finger at all of us, telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat.
hence he was in his lifetime, as is the memory of him afterwards, a canker within the liberal sensitivity.
however, there is a crucial difference between the two histories.
if death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share, the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal, i&e&, created, existence.
if it was, then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity.
if this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination, the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator.
in both cases the stubborn fact remains: liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates, both legitimate offspring of its loins, and when brought to the test, it behaved shabbily.
in the hall, after adjournment, Dr& Frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears.
is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about?
it cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him.
it has been endlessly rephrased, but I may here put it thus: at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant?
it is the wages of sin, and its sting is the law.
it was indeed a near thing, but somehow the inherent decency of New England ( which we inherit ) did triumph.
nevertheless, we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace;
on the other hand, Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence.
one can even argue- though this is a delicate matter- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church, and so to suppress it, rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it.
one night, so some of these theories run, Adam would have fallen asleep, much as he fell asleep for the creation of Eve;
opinion is less individual or runs more into masses, and often rules with a rod of iron".
such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation;
suppose they both had ventured into realms which their colleagues thought infidel: is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion?
the Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen- as the term was then understood in the Back Bay- and Parker was definitely not a gentleman, either in theology or in manners.
the difference between Mr& Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity"- despite these supposed conclusive assurances, the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief, of positive thanksgiving, that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker.
the embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment, for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change.
the fact is incontestable: that liberal world of Unitarian Boston < was > narrow-minded, intellectually sterile, smug, afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm, and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened.
the gentle Channing, revered by all Bostonians, orthodox or Unitarian, wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit, that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action:" no city in the world is governed so little by a police, and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment.
their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow" free inquiry" to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a" natural" religion.
their passions were genuine, and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut.
there can be no doubt, the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior.
this seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced.
to the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled, we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it.
we stand more in awe of one another than most people.
we today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations.
what otherwise could" the lawyer, doctor, minister, the men of science and letters" do when told that they had" become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant, and continually cried, ' Holy, holy, holy is the Almighty Dollar '"?
whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23, 1843- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association, while it may plead that Dr& N& L& Frothingham had every warrant for stating," The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity;
whereupon Parker broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room, though not out of the Fellowship.
yet, even after all these stratagems, the conscience of Christian liberality is still not laid to rest, any more than is the conscience of Harvard University for having done the abject penance for its rejection of Ralph Waldo Emerson 's The Divinity School Address of naming its hall of philosophy after him.
10% of them worried about their friends, neighbors, and relatives, most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves.
12% of them worried about their health, although their ailments were imaginary;
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control;
<" as many as received him > [ Jesus ], < to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name" > <" The Lord is my light and my salvation;
<" for God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life" > ( John 3:16 ).
> ( mark 8:36, 37 ).
> psalm 27:1 A certain teacher scheduled a" Fear Party" for her fourth grade pupils.
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio, television, and newspaper.
I am kept from all danger by night and by day, And His glory is flooding my soul".
SATELLITES, SPUTNIKS, ROCKETS, BALLOONS;
accept the sinless Son of God, Jesus Christ, as your own personal Saviour.
an average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day!
because your soul was made to be filled with God Himself, not religious functions" about" Him.
but we must not forget man's soul.
delinquency, juvenile and adult, is at an all-time high!
dr& George W& Crane, a medical columnist, thinks it would.
each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors.
further proof?
gaining outer space and losing" inner" space is bad business according to God's standards.
he says:" that would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously.
is forgiveness of past sins, assurance of present help, and hope of future bliss in your orbit?
is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son, Jesus Christ, on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls?
it is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments;
it must be getting more serious.
it was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears, to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely.
look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries.
never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
no amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your" inner" space.
of this number, 50%, or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever.
of whom shall I be afraid"?
one doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles, and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened;
one of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions".
one out of every three or four marriages end in divorce!
only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention.
only He can satisfy the deepest longings.
only a fool would think otherwise.
or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within?
or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul"?
our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space, which have captured the imagination of the American public.
over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to" know" what the future holds!
people are giving their doctors a hard time.
pleasure, fame and fortune, drowning your troubles with a drink, and" living it up" with the gang are like candy bars when you 're hungry: they may ease your hunger temporarily, but they' ll never take the place of a satisfying, mouth-watering steak.
proof?
read your daily newspaper!
so it is spiritually.
that is why the Bible commands you to <" Taste and see that the Lord is good: blessed > [ happy ] < is the man that trusteth in him" > ( Psalm 34:8 ).
the Lord is the strength of my life;
the teacher thought it was so successful that she asks:" would n't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries"?
then, with the hymn writer of old, you can say:" I am resting today in His wonderful peace, Resting sweetly in Jesus' control.
they are ' worry warts '.
unfortunately, in our rush to beat the Russians, we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ: <" what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world > [ that includes outer space ], < and lose his own soul?
we are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days.
we spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers.
we trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church, but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great.
well, most of our fears may be unfounded, but after you discover that fact, you have something else to worry about: why then do we have these fears?
what is the real cause of them?
what is there about us that makes us so anxious?
what next?
while we are filling outer space with scientific successes, for many the" inner" space of their soul is an aching void.
whom shall I fear?
why?
yet they keep running from one physician to another, largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles.
you can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith.
your spiritual" inner" space helps determine the spirituality of America as a nation.
#2.
( Romans 8:31, 32, 35 ) Salvation!
**h If God be for us, who can be against us?
**h Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?
THE" LO SHU" SQUARE AS AN EXPRESSION OF CENTRALITY# The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace, strong and united under a forceful ruler, which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States, was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch 'in dynasty ( 221-207 B&C& ).
after all this destruction of old literature, it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the < Lo Shu >, which was already semisecret anyhow.
after this time, inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors, as well as other writings, emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe, where cosmic forces were strongest.
all this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center, which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B&C&, also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five.
although modern scholars have expressed surprise that" the simple magic square of three", a mere" mathematical puzzle", was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries, they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself.
among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor, Shih Huang-ti, in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity, was the burning of the books in 213 B&C&, with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking;
and God had conquered that one by His grace!
and in this square, the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( Yang ) numbers, and those composed of large and small even ( Yin ) numbers, were all equal to each other.
and so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God:" the Lord is the < strength > of my life".
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square, by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed.
and then, with this God on our side, we can face the whole world without fear.
and there is light!
but this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism.
but, again, we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A&D&, when an Arabic scholar, Tabit ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three.
but, as he had a special fondness for magic and divination, he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared.
but, in spite of all this, enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult- or series of cults- reaching fullest expression in the Han period.
but, up to now, no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties, or the numerical significance of its numbers- singly or in combination- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts.
for they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female, equating the two groups with the Yang and Yin principles in Nature;
for those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again:" let there be light"!
for us it is a fact in history.
furthermore, the middle number of the < Lo Shu > is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers, by reason of its central position;
he could only see the light coming over the horizon.
he knew that his God would save him from his enemies because He had saved him from his sins.
he lived in the dawn;
his immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the < Lo Shu >, but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy.
however, the < wei > books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605.
if God could do that, He could do anything.
if one takes the middle number, 5, and multiplies it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ), the result is 15, which is also the constant sum of all the rows, columns, and two main diagonals.
in fact, He came into this world Himself, in the person of His Son, Jesus Christ, who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said:" I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life".
in fact, during the first century B&C&, an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects, finding its typical expression in the so-called" < wei > books", a number of which were specifically devoted to the < Lo Shu > and related numerical diagrams, especially in connection with divination.
in fact, the neat balance of these pairs, and their subtle equilibrium, would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese.
indeed, mathematically speaking, it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram.
it is also their mathematical mean, since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair, all of which equal 10.
it recalls those words of another psalm:" God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
later, we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally.
many of the latter were destroyed in their turn, during the burning of the vast Ch 'in palace some ten years later;
shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword"?
so why worry about all the others?
such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the < Lo Shu >, 5, was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram.
the apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament:" he that spared not His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him freely give us all things?
the enemies at his gate, threatening to eat up his flesh, were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul.
the existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B&C&, when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions- and took 5 as the dynastic number, believing that he would thus place himself, his imperial family, and the nation under the most auspicious influences.
the importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers- quite apart from any numerological considerations, which is to say, any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it.
the psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ.
the tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the < Lo Shu > square- for purely mathematical reasons- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe, could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5, and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality.
the word is really" stronghold".
then, if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square, through multiplying it by the highest number, 9 ( which is the square of the base number ), the result is 45;
therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea **h Come, behold the works of the Lord, what desolations He hath made in the earth.
these twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han dynasty.
this gets down to the heart of our problem, for it reconciles us with God, whom we fear most of all because we have sinned against Him.
this is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of God:" the Lord is **h my < salvation >".
this is the key to the conquest of fear.
this trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five Elements itself, as though they had served as the base for all the rest;
thus all differences were leveled, and all contrasts erased, in a realm of no distinction, and the harmonious balance of the < Lo Shu > square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis.
thus, while it remains possible that the Babylonians and the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did, more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years.
we find, for example, such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers, the Five Sacred Mountains, the Five Directions ( with Center ), the Five Metals, Five Colors, Five Tastes, Five Odors, Five Musical Notes, Five Bodily Functions, Five Viscera, and many others.
we live in the bright daylight of that great event;
when that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ, when we know that He is our Savior, that He has paid our debt with His blood, that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away- when we know that, we have peace with God in our hearts;
why should we not have the same faith, and an even greater experience of the light which it gives?
yet some must have survived, because the old interest in number symbolism, divination, and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty, which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B&C& to A&D& 220 ).
#ADDITIONAL SUGGESTIONS FOR MEMBERSHIP PREPARATION# IN CONDUCTING the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class, the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class.
#FOURTH SESSION IMPORTANT# MOST PASTORS FIND that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday.
#RECEPTION INTO THE CHURCH FELLOWSHIP# THE TOTAL PROCESS of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church.
#WHAT ABOUT TRANSFERS?# THERE IS A GROWING CONVICTION among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training, including those coming by transfer of membership.
( see sample on pp& 78-79.
) the fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments.
George E& Sweazey writes:" there is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened".
_1)_ < Extend the number of classes >.
_1)_ Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete" talent sheets" and pledge cards.
_10)_ < Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study > each week.
_11)_ < Ask each new member to bring his Pledge of Loyalty > to the Reception Service.
_2)_ < Use dramatization > - for example, in discussing the Lord's Supper or church symbolism.
_2)_ Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together.
_3)_ < Use audio-visual aids >.
_3)_ Invite sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service.
_4)_ < Have a" Question Box >".
_4)_ Give each new member a certificate of membership.
_5)_ < Use a textbook > with assigned readings each week.
_5)_ Introduce each new member to the congregation, asking him to face the congregation.
_6)_ < Select class members for reports > on various phases of the study.
_6)_ Lead the congregation in a response of welcome.
_7)_ < Conduct examinations >, using a true-false check sheet.
_7)_ Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service.
_8)_ < Ask each member to write a statement > on such topics as:" what Christ Means to Me"," What the Church Means to Me"," Why Join the Church"," The Duties of Church Members", etc&.
_8)_ Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board.
_9)_ < Assign a series of catechism questions > to be memorized.
_9)_ Have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests.
an" interest finder" or" talent sheet" may be filled out by each person.
every detail of the service merits careful attention- the hymns, the sermon, the ritual, the right hand of fellowship, the introduction to the congregation, the welcome of the congregation.
for most of them, it will be their first experience in membership training, since this is a recent development in many churches.
in this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church.
it can mean the difference between participation and inaction, spiritual growth and decay.
it provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations.
it will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church.
many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes.
others meet on Sunday night, at the mid-week service, or for a series of four nights.
outline plans for the entire service.
people appreciate experiences that demand something of them.
provide a < name card > for each new member.
psychologically the reception should be the climax, following the sermon.
some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each, generally held on Sunday night or during the week.
some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register.
some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session.
some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly.
some pastors have two sessions in one evening, with a refreshment period between.
sponsors may sit with them also.
the atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience.
the budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session.
the following have been found effective.
the lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life, service opportunities, the church school, missions, men's work, women's work, youth program, social activities, and finances.
the preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another.
the sessions should cover four major areas: _a_- The Christian Faith _B_- History of the Church _C_- Duties of Church Membership _D_- The Local Church and Its Program Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week.
the social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members.
the worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church.
they should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages.
they will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them.
this gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
this is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation.
this procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet.
this should be a high moment in their lives, a never-to-be-forgotten experience.
those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed.
those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship < before > they take the sacred vows.
those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule.
urge them to write out their questions for the box.
" what is the point", Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking," in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one, not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves, can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is"?
# I turn finally to several theological developments.
# While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial, nationalism is more variable.
Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda.
I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption, so prevalent in Hinduism, that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit.
I mean, however, that the moral theologian knows what he means by" permit".
I was seated next to the director of the Seventh Day Adventists' world radio program.
Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says," We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work, but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it".
Newbiggin's qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance.
Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state, but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation.
_1._ < Theocracy reconsidered >.
_2._ < Salvation reconsidered >.
actually, however, this turns out to be only part of the picture.
after returning to the United States and raising the money, he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available.
again, India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries, and fanatical Hindu parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone.
all this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand.
although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and non-Christians in Asia, the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves.
and in this country Gustave Weigel's delineation of the line between the sacral and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state.
and while the nation was formerly named" The Islamic Republic of Pakistan", it is now simply" The Republic of Pakistan".
as an obvious consequence, obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area: relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands.
but the problem extends elsewhere.
colonialism alone would have been able to make these difficulties serious, for Christianity is so closely tied to colonialism in the minds of these people that repudiation of the one has tended automatically toward the repudiation of the other.
comparable trends can be noted elsewhere.
during the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis- the Sinai campaign, the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties.
emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination, the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires.
everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible- in a word, too human- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine.
for example, in Burma and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion.
he is not talking in the main about probabilities, risks and danger in general.
he is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result ) as it efficaciously does some good.
he is talking about double < effects, > of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other, but < causes > both;
he said that on his tour the preceding year a considerable number of hours would have been available to him on Japanese radio networks, but that he had then lacked the funds to contract for them.
in 1960 Ceylon nationalized its sectarian- preponderantly Christian- schools, to the rejoicing of most of its 7,000,000 Buddhists and the lament of its 800,000 Roman Catholics.
in mentioning this under" salvation reconsidered" I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is.
insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate, trans-political justifications for their existence, such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are < theirs > rather than someone else 's.
ironically, these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War 2,, while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs.
it is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they, rather than pretexts for them, that are causing the trouble, and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies.
it is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment.
it was not that they had been contracted for during the interval;
my father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student Volunteer Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them.
nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones, some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries.
neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews.
no less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since World War 2,, and the number is growing by the year.
now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions, the secularists are less disposed to compromise.
of course, in prudential calculation, in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done, no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows.
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended, but still both are < done, > while the evil effect is, with equal consciousness on the part of the agent, foreknown to be among the consequences.
one of our foremost jurists, David Dudley Field, has gone so far as to call this provision" the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history".
that mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed.
the American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof".
the Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests, Father Feeney, for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church.
the current regime of President Mohammad Ayub Khan is determinedly secular.
the failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument.
the modern world has been marked by progressive disaffection with claims to divine sanction for the state, whatever its political form.
the new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor.
the partition of India has hardly improved relations between Hindus and Muslims;
the people hardest hit by this suspicion are, of course, Christians on the mainland of China.
the progressive closing of Afro-Asian ears to the Christian message is epitomized in a conversation I had three years ago while flying from Jerusalem to Cairo.
the religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months.
the specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century.
the trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment.
the truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and < Volksgeist > which these young nations very much need.
they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes.
this is what, in a technical sense, to" only permit" an evil result means.
when they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to" permit" the termination of the human race by human action, because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing, they know exactly what they mean.
yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great, or evil repelled sufficiently grave, to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action.
#"AGAINST THE GRAIN OF CREATION"# ( 2 ) Realtors realize, of course, that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing.
#a NARROW PROFESSIONALISM# How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code, adopted in 1924, states that" a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy, members of any race or nationality, or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood".
( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue, pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society.
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes;
( this has not been the case everywhere.
) there are sins of omission as well as commission;
all feared the supposed stigma they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced non-white, particularly Negro, peoples into all-white, restricted areas.
also, it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed.
and whether these would qualify them for" congenial"," happy" relations to other people in certain community areas.
and, most pervasively, ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a" real pro", of what it means to be a professional man in a technical, fragmented society.
anti-discriminatory statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and, while specific provisions have varied, the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage.
as far as they were aware, the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support.
as our discussion continued, the inadequacy of the" client relationship" as an interpretation of their" way of operating" became evident.
but as conversation goes on, particularly among the realtors themselves, another image emerges, that of considerable power and influence in the community.
but as yet, no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the permissibility of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods.
but responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional, white, American good.
but such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both NAREB and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices.
data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in.
discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity, the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality, and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife.
for a number of years, Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body, attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy.
from such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding.
here, in an atmosphere of forthrightness and mutual criticism, each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it.
how does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race, religion or ethnic attachment?
in 1957, the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law.
in the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing, support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of" social reformism" that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid.
it seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas: ( 1 ) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue;
judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income, educational level and above all, racial extraction;
judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on < Shelley v& Kraemer > ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible.
like business and university groups generally, these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make.
no one anticipates any radical shift in this situation, but questions concerning reading habits, the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised.
obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of" professional" with narrow skills and specialization, the effective servicing of a client, rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work.
obviously, much more than customer expectation is determining the realtor's role.
official reasoning: the bill was a" wanton invasion of basic property rights".
often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically.
on the positive side, recent Federal action has largely undermined the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the segregationist position;
one of the roles of the social scientist, ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work.
professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner.
realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest, for example, in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like" to have to obey", but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record.
realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work, as members of social and professional organizations, as citizens and civic leaders, as church laymen, as university alumni, as newspaper readers, etc&.
realtors, both generally and in this group, have invariably equated residential integration with a decline in property values, a circumstance viewed with considerable apprehension.
recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others, however, point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion.
recently, a group of the faculty at Wesleyan University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions.
relevant" facts", however, extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of" harmonious" neighborhoods.
several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small colloquium of property lawyers, political scientists, economists, social psychologists, social ethicists and theologians.
significantly, no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes ( published by the University of California Press ) that present the commission's findings.
such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry, but there is little evidence that realtors, or at least their associations, have repudiated the principle in such clauses.
such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors.
such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world, let us say a community, that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers, but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive.
that community of all creation is, then, the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment.
the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that" there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced, on the whole, than any other segment of the American population".
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations, either negative or positive, plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced.
the rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms;
the role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration.
there are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values, the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing, privacy, etc&.
there is some reality to this;
these men- for the most part educated in our" best" New England colleges, well established financially and socially in the community- under kindly but insistent probing, reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve, or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a" client-service relationship".
they would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate" professionals" but agitators for some kind of" cause" or" reform", and this was no longer to be a" pro".
this article presents our observations of that session, of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them.
this narrow" professionalism" does not even fit the present realities of their situation, as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase.
though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950, being an agent of such" detrimental" influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid.
what does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest?
what ought to be, what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change?
what social, ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation?
within the membership of this group, as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations, the most ready portrayal of oneself to" the public" is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or buyer and mediating between them.
#MUSIC OF THE SPHERES# Now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture.
I shoot up through the roof, into the sky, past the clouds, through the stratosphere, out beyond the moon, out among the planets, until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long.
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me.
TO WHAT extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century?
a complete picture is impossible- partly because of the limitations of space, partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable.
a suggestion from Louis de Broglie, a physicist in France, showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves.
although a complete picture cannot be given, we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor.
and as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms, you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music.
and as this music ebbs and flows, there is an antiphonal chorus from all the atoms outside, in fact from the atoms of the entire universe.
and if you should step inside of such a magnified atom, according to the physics of forty years ago, you would see circulating over your head, down at the sides, and under your feet, some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs.
and in mechanics the whole is no more than the sum of the parts.
and since the universe is also made of atoms, it is just a supermachine.
and since you are made of atoms, you are nothing much but empty space, too.
and so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe, we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is < music >.
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine;
and this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were agnostics or atheists.
and this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe, governed by the laws of cause and effect, bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom.
and to see the meaning of this new picture, imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today.
as we have seen, a growing proportion, although in 1914 still a minority, were members of churches.
at any rate, it shows us how immaterial we are.
at best only an approximation could be arrived at.
at times we can say that it was the major factor.
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed, which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime.
during about three and a half months of the year, in the summer, there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers, food, and cars;
even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field, this nucleus is still only about the size of a pinhead.
even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors.
for instance, we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose.
for still others, mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration, it was Roman Catholicism, and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy.
for we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and electrodynamics;
harmony, melody, counterpoint symphonic structure are there;
how far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age?
if I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down, squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge, you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone, you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper.
it also contains nearly all the mass, and the atomic energy.
it is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony.
it is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits;
let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic < Alice in Wonderland > growing pill.
many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the connexion to lapse.
now as you step inside, instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets, you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it.
presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or less extent.
since these electrons are moving like planets, you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom.
so if you are made of atoms, you are just a big machine;
so you look down there and you see a tiny, whirling point about the size of the head of a pin.
some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living.
someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing.
the Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors;
the Island of Nantucket, part of the State of Massachusetts, lies about thirty-one miles southeast of its mother State.
the form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock, for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration;
the rest is obtained from harbor scallops.
the temptation is to say that, as the percentage of church members mounted, the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level.
then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's.
then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across, a balloon big enough to put a football field inside.
these balls are moving in great circles and ellipses, and are of course, the electrons, the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone.
these ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral.
this is a fine trip, too, on a good day.
this is the atomic sun, the atomic nucleus.
to generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
to what extent did it mould the morals and the social, economic, and political life and institutions of the country?
upon all of them played the intellectual, social, political, and economic attitudes, institutions, and customs of the nation.
upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was.
what in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation.
with Martha's Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other, it makes an excellent trip of about three hours.
yet this cannot be proved.
yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible.
you may ask what else there is, and the answer is nothing- nothing but empty space.
Confucianism had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power.
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts.
Mahayana had gods, and magic, a pantheon, heavens and hells, and gorgeously appareled priests, monks, and nuns, all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world.
Wendell Phillips ( 1811-1884 ), from a prominent Massachusetts family, in his teens was converted under the preaching of Lyman Beecher.
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience.
actually, Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism.
after this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China, it underwent extensive changes.
although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils, he remained a devout Christian.
and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature.
and to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath, and thus provoke the unleashing of countrywide disasters.
basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns.
but in the Chinese mind, there was little difference between the two- the < bonzes > were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be.
but let us not be mistaken about Confucian" virtue";
but naturally, the royal ritual, which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits, was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom.
but the" marvelous person" that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation- he possesses magical powers, and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls.
but this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities.
by swaying the balance between them, he effected the alternation of the seasons.
during its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries, Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader.
failure in daily moral and ethical duties to one's family, outrages to community propriety, any departure from rigid standards of moral excellence were offenses against the dead.
he regulated the dualities of light and darkness, < Yang > and < Yin >, which are locked in eternal struggle.
he shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame.
he was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition, but he also stood for equal rights for women, for opportunity for the freedmen, and for prohibition.
his power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions.
if a man lived a classical life, he need not fear the spirits- for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him.
if the moral code were flouted, the proper balance of the universe would be upset, and the disastrous result could be floods, plague, or famine.
in China, the magical system par excellence was Taoism.
in fact, the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the" direct thinking" Zennist was a feature of Taoism.
in its monastic form, Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( < bonzes > ), who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural.
in other words, they were actually an organization of magicians.
in this system, no man is exempt from obligations.
individuals possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits;
it was this timeless unity that was all-important, and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality.
living in urban conditions, away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view, the individual may find it possible, say, to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings, but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes.
men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code.
modern Westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material, largely because in the West the historical trend has been to deny the connection.
nonmagical Confucianism was a secular, rational philosophy, but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government.
promoters of Zen to the West record its ancestry, and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of Taoism and Indian Mahayana Buddhism.
proper ritual observance at any level of society was capable of generating power for use in the spirit world;
proponents of Zen to the West emphasize disproportionately the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in Zen, probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical Taoist ideas with more respectable Buddhist metaphysic.
propriety was synonymous with ritual observance, the mark of a true gentleman.
royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power.
since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits, the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living.
so, too, was the insistence on the relativity of the external world, and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure, indwelling spirit: the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness.
the Ch 'an ( Zen ) sect may have derived its metaphysic from Mahayana, but its psychology was pure early Taoist.
the Chinese emperor, by proper observance of ritual, manifested divine powers.
the Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic, that made the world into a huge magical garden.
the Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation;
the Taoists were Quietist mystics, who saw an unchanging unity- the Tao- underlying all phenomena.
the anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and philanthropies were given leadership and financial undergirding by Arthur Tappan ( 1786-1865 ) and his younger brother, Lewis Tappan ( 1788-1873 ).
the common belief was that there existed one moral order, which included everything.
the dead controlled the material prosperity of the living, and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control.
the dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear.
the family home was, in fact, a temple;
the royal ritual generated power into the other world: it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits, and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world.
the self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes, but also the mandate of their newfound power as spirits in the other half of the universe.
they were almost immediately worshipped for these newer, even more terrible abilities.
this is the familiar system of" cosmic government".
this is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen: the idea of the inward turning of thought, the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity, peace, and stillness- a union with the Infinite, with the Tao- could be effected.
this was not virtue as we understand the word today, and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation.
this, in brief, was the historical background out of which Zen emerged.
thus, the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors.
to live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate.
to the Confucian," virtue" simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones.
#EVIDENCES OF THE NEW BIRTH# _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE HAVE FAITH IN CHRIST AS THE ONLY SAVIOUR._ Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God.
#THE NATURE OF THE NEW BIRTH# _THE NEW BIRTH IS A NEW CREATION._ For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision but a new creation is of any account.
**h" Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
1, St& John 2:29.
1, St& John 3:14.
1, St& John 3:9.
1, St& John 4:7.
1, St& John 5:1.
1, St& John 5:12.
1, St& John 5:18.
1, St& John 5:4.
1, St& Peter 1:23.
2, Corinthians 5:17.
2, St& Peter 1:4.
2, St& Peter 3:18.
Colossians 1:27.
Ephesians 2:10.
Ephesians 2:8-10.
Galatians 6:15.
Philippians 1:6.
[ the new nature, received at the time of regeneration, is divine and holy, and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin.
] _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE PRACTICE RIGHTEOUSNESS._ If you know that he [ God ] is just [ righteous ], know that everyone also who does what is just [ righteous ] has been born of him.
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE DO NOT PRACTICE SIN AS A HABIT._ Whoever is born of God does not commit sin [ That is, he does not practice sin.
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE GROW IN [ NOT INTO, BUT IN ] GRACE._ But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE LOVE GOD._ Everyone who loves is born of God, and knows God.
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE LOVE THE BRETHREN._ We know that we have passed from death to life, because we love the brethren.
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE OVERCOME THE WORLD._ All that is born of God overcomes the world;
_IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE PERSEVERE UNTO THE END._ I am convinced of this, that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS CHRIST LIVING IN YOU BY FAITH._ Christ in you, your hope of glory.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS EFFECTED THROUGH THE WORD OF GOD_ For you have been reborn, not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible, through the word of God.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE THE SPIRITUAL KINGDOM REQUIRES A SPIRITUAL NATURE._ Jesus answered and said to him [ Nicodemus ]" Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God".
_THE NEW BIRTH IS THE IMPARTATION OF THE DIVINE NATURE._ Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises, so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature.
_THE NEW BIRTH IS THE IMPLANTATION OF A NEW LIFE._ I came that they may have life.
amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water [ symbol of the Word of God, see Ephesians 5:26 ] and the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
and that not from yourselves, for it is the gift of God;
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
and this is the victory that overcomes the world, our faith.
as many as received him **h were born **h of God.
behold, they are made new!
cf& 1, St& John 2:1 ].
do not wonder that I said to thee, ' You must be born again '".
for by grace you have been saved through faith;
for his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus.
for his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus.
he who believes in the Son [ Jesus Christ, the Son of God ], has everlasting life.
he who does not love abides in death.
he who has not the Son has not the life.
he who has the Son has the life.
if then any man is in Christ, he is a new creature [ literally," He is a new creation" ], the former things have passed away;
it is now no longer I that live, but Christ lives in me.
not as the outcome of works, lest anyone may boast.
now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory, without blemish, in gladness, to the only God our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, belong glory and majesty, dominion and authority, before all time, and now, and forever.
of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth.
st& James 1:18.
st& John 10:10.
st& John 1:12, 13.
st& John 3:3, 5-7.
st& John 3:36.
st& John 3:5, 6.
st& Jude 24.
that which is born of the flesh is flesh;
that which is born of the flesh is flesh;
we know that no one who is born of God commits sin.
" you 're not living up to your own principles", she told my discouraged people.
" you 're so preoccupied that you 've let your faith grow dim.
Arthur Gordon comes once a month all the way from Georgia.
Catherine Marshall LeSourd the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm Mullendore, the keen perception of an advertising executive.
Elaine St& Johns may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings.
Glenn Kittler has been twice to Africa, once spending a week with Dr& Albert Schweitzer.
I am merely a channel for **h < something >.
I am not doing anything, of myself.
I cannot define it fully.
Irving Granville and Nelson Rector who travel widely calling on business firms.
John Beach who guides circulation;
Len LeSourd is my executive editor today.
Len LeSourd went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk derelict for ten days.
Sidney Fields, years of experience as a New York columnist;
Starr Jones gets up every morning at five o'clock, milks his family cow, attends to farm chores, and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York.
Van Varner recently returned from Russia.
all things are possible to God, but He chooses- usually- to work through people.
and now a million January Guideposts are in circulation.
and the 100,000 subscribers became a reality.
and the stories they told were true.
and then 500,000.
around the table sit Protestant, Catholic, and Jew.
bedridden people say I am easy to hold- and read.
but from the start they had two important ingredients: sincerity and realism.
compared to the big, established magazines, my first efforts seemed feeble indeed.
each contributes something different, and something important: Ruth Peale, her wide experience in church work;
experts in the publishing field consider this astounding.
fifteen years ago, there were no Guideposts at all.
fifteen years ago, troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world, a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women, regardless of creed or color, could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living.
for example, early in my life, when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers, he did n't just ask questions.
hundreds of civic clubs, business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land.
it is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace.
it is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness, even when they turn away from it.
it is the power that holds the stars in their orbits, but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass.
it is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is.
last summer John and Elizabeth Sherrill were in Alaska.
many of you are familiar, I 'm sure, with the story of my early struggles: the fire in January, 1947, that destroyed everything- even our precious list of subscribers.
neither had any publishing experience, but they had faith in their idea.
searching for the best in spiritual stories, my roving editors cover not only the country, but the whole world.
sometimes not.
sometimes such people sense that they are being used;
that was nearly 13 years ago.
that was when a remarkable woman, Teresa Durlach, came to my aid- not so much with money, as with wisdom and courage.
the businessman was Raymond Thornburg.
the crisis later on when debts seemed about to overwhelm me.
the help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere.
the minister was Norman Vincent Peale.
the people who told the stories were sincere.
there are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence.
they borrowed a typewriter, raised about $2,000 in contributions, hired a secretary, persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay **h and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts.
they do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following.
they say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet.
they say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built.
this month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world.
thousands of free copies are sent each month to chaplains in the Armed Forces, to prison libraries and to hospitals everywhere.
three years ago it became possible to finance a Braille edition for blind readers.
throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for, although I have never offered great financial inducements, talent has found its way to me: William Boal who so ably organizes business operations;
to me, the explanation is very simple.
today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees.
twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early supper, then a long evening of idea-exchange.
visualize them, then, believe you are getting them, and you < will > have them"!
what do you want- a hundred thousand subscribers?
what is this something?
with our growth came expansion into new fields of service.
" a real ' nothing ' torso", says Henri.
" it never seemed to widen **h it just got longer and longer".
( note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ).
@ Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone **h rarer still is a < Mr& America > or < Mr& Universe > of true Herculean build.
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really does n't have to work them very much.
I had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a Christian manner.
I knew in that moment that I did < not > have any choice.
Super-Set No& 2 is made up of similar exercises, but this time done with dumbbells, and using both" moon" and flat benches.
about that time he began reading { Mr& America } and { Muscle Builder } and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining.
after all, a guy's got ta have a little ego!
and at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it.
and they could n't have entrusted Henri to better hands because" le professeur" knows his muscles from the < sterno-cleido mastoideus > of the neck right down to the < tibialis anticus > of the leg **h and better still, he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast, < fast > muscle growth.
as you can see, in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises **h so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time!
as you see, the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that { forces } the bodybuilder to use a w-i-d-e grip **h he has to;
because they are" minority" exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the limbo of the forgotten.
but < contest > definition- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel- is something quite different.
but as you can also see, it 's not a painful exercise at all, because Henri de Courcy- the" happy" bodybuilder- looks as though he were having the time of his life!
but do you have any choice"?
but he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body.
by this time Henri's entire chest-back- lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point, and Claude takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work.
far from discouraging Henri, his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments.
for in almost less time than it takes to tell it, Henri's bodyweight was increasing rapidly.
from that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime.@ Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents do n't want sonny-boy to" lift all those old barbell things" because" you 'll stunt your growth" **h or because childish taunts from his schoolmates, like" Hey **h look it Mr& America **h whad d ya gon na do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time )"?
he has Henri do from four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press ( note the high incline ).
he just can n't do anything about it at all!
here was a powerful, ready-made medium, but it could speak only if I told it to.
in his gym the professor has some of the most" knocked out" equipment since Vic Tanny.
in the third Push-Pull Super-Set the" push" exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars, while the" pull" exercise is the Moon Bench Lateral Raise with bent arms.
instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority, Professor Roland Claude.
it was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me.
it was muscular but it was n't symmetrical.
mr& Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the now-famous Weider { Push-Pull Super-Set } technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a { pressing } or" pushing" movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way, followed by a" pulling" exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group.
now < good > definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional high-set, high-rep, light-weight workouts.
now it seemed almost as if Jesus were looking down at me with sadness in His eyes, saying:" you will lose the paper.
now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 1, the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 2.
now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10' ' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds, and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight.
of course he did some exercising **h he 's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame.
often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others.
only when the newest < Mr& America > or < Mr& Universe > rediscovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are.
seeing so many illustrations and reading so many testimonials to the value of { Quick-Wate } and { Super-Protein }, those two wonder-working Weider food supplements, he decided to try them and see what they could do for him.
so right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous" moon" bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide-grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the" pull" part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the ribcage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest **h and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide, Reeves-type" gladiator" pecs, while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids.
so with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 1, four of No& 2, four of No& 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press, you can see that Henri de Courcy has had a terrific mass-building, muscle-shaping, torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon.
that 's when he went to Professor Claude.
that's because the good professor teaches only Weider methods at his famous Montreal Health Studio which is located at 1821 Mt& Royal East in Montreal.
the Pushup done in this manner is the greatest pectoral-ribcage stretcher ever invented!
the aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion- < superior definition > of the muscles.
the last exercise of Roland Claude 's prescribed program for Henri is a single exercise, done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets.
the thump and whir of our new presses.
the" pull" exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell Bent-Arm Pullover.
the" push" exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation.
then one day, early in January, 1960, I sat down at my desk, and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix.
there's Gaetan d' Amours who is our newest < Mr& Canada > **h Jean-Paul Senesac, whose story appeared here two issues ago **h Jack Boissoneault, who was with us last month **h Charles Harve, who recently won the" Most Muscular Man" subdivision award in the { Mr& Canada } event **h and a host of others.
therefore it 's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has < never > had to train in secret **h has < never > heard one unkind word from his parents **h and < never > has been taunted by his schoolmates!
this comes not alone from high-set, high-rep training, but from certain definition-specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for < him >.
this gives a wide flare to the pecs, causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and lats.
this happy, always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new < Junior Mr& Canada > - Henri de Courcy.
this is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests **h that steel-edged" carved-out-of-solid rock" looks of the great champions.
this is true { only } if a very wide grip is used and { only } when the { greatest possible stretch } is achieved.
undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ).
well, sir **h they did real great!
yesiree **h the professor knows his muscles!
you 'll know when you 've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch!
you may lose your life.
you need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the pecs **h the dumbbell variation develops a most classically sculptured outline to the pecs.
( an unheated greenhouse would have been better, if I had had one.
) the plants took zero nights in their stride, with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them.
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them.
I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost.
I like to shear half my plants at a time, leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming.
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant.
I spade lots of compost into their bed;
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame.
a SALAD WITH greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal, but add an avocado and you have something really special.
a second and also good practice is to shear off the tops, leaving an inch high stub with just a leaf or two on each branch.
as a substitute for this, organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions, may be used.
as soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over, cut it off from the mother plant.
but you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow.
do n't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter.
give them food, some shade, mulch, water and more food, and they' ll repay your solicitude with beauty.
go to a reputable grower, preferably a pansy specialist.
here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds.
if the plants are cared for and protected over the winter, the second year is more prolific than the first.
if those are n't enough for you, why not grow some just for winter blooming?
in addition to the rich soil they benefit by feedings of manure water every other week, diluted to the color of weak tea.
in fact it is easier.
in response to the lengthening days of February they budded, then bloomed their 4-inch velvety flowers.
it has a great many assets to recommend it and if you have n't made avocado a part of your diet yet, you really should.
it is a flavor that might take a little getting used to- not because it is unpleasant, but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits.
it is no harder to raise big, healthy, blooming plants than weak, sickly little things;
it is roughly shaped like a large pear, and when properly ripened, its dark green skin covers a meaty, melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe Bartlett pear, but oily.
it is subtle and rather bland, nut-like.
its mass of bright bloom set in a border of snow made my spirits rise every time I looked at it.
lacking that, decayed manure spread over the bed is fine.
like strawberries in December, pansies are far more exciting in February than in May.
many people think that pansies last only a few weeks, then their period of growth and bloom is over.
nature's aim, different from ours, is to provide for the coming generation.
now we must use a heavy one.
once you become an avocado fan, you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation.
one year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile, to which a little sand had been added, and I had the most beautiful pansies in my, or any of my neighbors' experience.
pansies are gluttons.
pansies have character.
pick the flowers, keep the soil dampened, and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season.
probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed.
remove about half the branches from each plant, leaving only the strongest with the largest buds.
sometimes it takes several" eatings" of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world.
that cold frame was my morale builder;
that done, her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant.
that encourages rooting, and the better developed the roots, the larger and more plentiful the flowers.
that is not true.
that keeps in the cold, retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing.
the avocado should have a" give" to it, as you hold it, when it is ripe.
the day will come, in midsummer, when you find your plants becoming" leggy", running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms.
the flavor is neither sweet, like a pear, nor tart like an orange;
the flowers will be huge.
the pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter.
these cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring.
they need mulch.
they stick to their principles, insist upon their due, but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it.
this delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocado anywhere in the United States.
three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool.
treat them right and they' ll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones.
try pegging down each separate branch to the earth, using a bobby pin to hold it there.
try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can n't take another day of it.
we put a light mulch over the seedlings;
when winter comes be ready with additional mulch.
whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days, you 'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two.
would you like to grow exhibition pansies?
you will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever tasted.
< pre > -attack reconnaissance is vital but only < post > -attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably.
@ Build long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( 3,000-foot ) airfields with runways.
@ Use nuclear propulsions to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life.
@ Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio engines, develop a vertical-takeoff-and-landing ( VTOL ) long-range military aircraft.
SAMOS will be hard put to see through clouds- and to see in the dark.
THE LYRIC BEAUTIES of Schubert's < Trout > Quintet- its elemental rhythms and infectious melodies- make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners.
a ballistic missile cannot, today, tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful.
a large aircraft, such as the B-52 or B-70, could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons.
aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once.
but for students of musical forms and would-be classifiers, the work presents its problems.
but in the case of moving targets, and targets which have limited mobility, what will their location be when it is time to destroy them?
but remember this- it is n't the < aircraft > which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets, it is the < airfield >.
but the airfield, on which the aircraft is completely dependent, is doomed by the missile.
but until we have an effective spacecraft, the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft.
but, how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces?
eliminate the < vulnerability of aircraft on the ground > and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles.
even if this is some day possible, there remains the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target.
even mobile forces must be found and destroyed.
few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet.
for example, a 12-to-one engine would power a < supersonic > VTOL fighter.
here then is our problem: aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing;
however, the aircraft which we have today are tied to large," soft" airfields.
if our SAC bombers were, today, capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and < because of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the capability to strike at Russia again, and again, and again >, those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance.
if the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way, the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced.
if we could use all the small airfields we have in this country, we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more.
if we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision, and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace, our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening.
if, for some reason such as economy, we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency, then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one.
in a few years we will have SAMOS ( semiautomatic missile observation system ).
in these readings, the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background, or it is dressed in clown's attire- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop.
it could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night.
it is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons.
it would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target, if it were mobile, would be gone.
it would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance.
large, long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways, but they would require more powerful engines than we have today.
moreover, the piece is written in five movements, rather than the conventional four of most quintets, and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor.
no need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force.
nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease.
one seldom hears the analogy" nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine".
or put another way, the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1 the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target!
other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation.
our first necessity, at the very outset of war, is post-attack reconnaissance.
since it requires only five players, it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music- yet it calls for a double bass, an instrument generally regarded as symphonic.
some day, many years in the future, true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets.
some renditions are of symphonic dimensions, with the contrabass given free rein.
the many and frequent performances of the < Trout > serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing.
the reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars- and you do n't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete.
there are < four rather obvious ways > to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground: @ Put aircraft in" bomb-proof" hangars when they are on the ground.
there is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile.
these crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance.
they are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile.
this is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile.
this makes today's aircraft a one-shot, or one mission, weapon.
this same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft.
today we have side-looking radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings, runways, taxi-ways, separate spans of bridges, etc&.
we could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters.
we have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 psi.
we would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force- whether it were fixed or mobile.
what targets have we successfully knocked out?
what targets still remain to be hit?
when aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields, they are no longer vulnerable to ICBMs.
with a 15-to-one engine, a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically.
with powerplants such as these, vertical takeoff and landing combat aircraft could be built.
with such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy, and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating.
with these keen" eyes" and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy, military forces can be directly attacked < with minimum damage to urban areas >.
" junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged"!
" the reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce.
" your aids are your attitude, which comes through your voice, your hands and legs- voice to encourage, discourage or whatever the need may be;
#HARVEY BARCUS, SECOND SPEAKER# The second speaker was Harvey Barcus, President of the Dog Writers Ass 'n of America.
#MRS& WILLIAM H& LONG, JR& SPEAKS# After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for qualifying for the Finals of the Junior Class, Mrs& William H& Long, Jr& was introduced as the first speaker.
#RIGHT ATTITUDE ESSENTIAL!#" Take away your attitude", said Mrs& Long," and what have you left?
#WESTMINSTER SHOW NOTES# Instead of 3 a&m& in the past, the Juniors Class at Westminster was held at 4:45 p&m&.
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break.
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score, and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song.
Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score, discounting tradition, and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper.
aids sounds more like a Pony Club, or horsemanship classes- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar!
all of this would be wasted, of course, if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction.
and in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance, the recording sounds as though it had been" doctored for super-high fidelity".
and may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to come"!
as has been the custom for the past several years, John Cross, Jr&, Bench Show Chmn& of Westminster, arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class, and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them.
as with the penultimate < Giselle > release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner, less razor-edged monophonic version, for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness, the more aurally tolerable- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies.
at the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden, New York on the second day, the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class.
before the Juniors entered the ring the Steward announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up, they could relax with their dogs.
command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation.
dogs have a way of sensing our feelings!
either a nervous dog because you are livid with rage- a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop!
for me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors.
forty-six of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present.
from there on, each Junior was going to be judged individually.
hands to guide or restrain;
he feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a MORE ACTIVE part in encouraging the Junior Division!
he gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship.
he knows your signals, what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted, right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers".
if you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog, he will feel it and give you a good performance!
in closing, Mr& Barcus also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class.
in her opening remarks Mrs& Long also welcomed the Juniors and stated," There is n't any other show quite like Westminster.
in the end, however, the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings.
is one of Mr& Barcus' strong beliefs.
it is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener.
it was interesting to note that many of these Juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the Finals of the Junior Class.
last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass 'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000.
legs to produce motion and rate of speed.
mr& Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors- with which he is very familiar.
mrs& Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years.
mrs& Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class and stated," Have fun!
no sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs& Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch& Cadet or Noranda, another home-bred product, and won!
or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else- maybe the way you look, or the date you have after the Class, or you are just doing this to please the parents.
over 60 Juniors, parents and guests attended.
speaking from long years of experience, Mrs& Long advised the Juniors:" < When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement >, STOP!
the < Presto ma non assai > of the first trio of the scherzo is taken literally and may shock you, as the real < Allegro con spirito > of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet.
the Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky.
the Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration.
the already faded pastel charms of the nai^ve music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly, if suave, sentimentality.
the engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result.
the first substantially complete stereo < Giselle > ( and the only one of its scope since Feyer's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel ), this set is, I 'm afraid, likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment.
the home listener is overpowered, all right, but the experience is a far from pleasant one.
the music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full sonority;
the timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance.
this gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show- a great advantage to them!
this year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International.
those accustomed to broader, more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one.
too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment.
twenty years ago her daughter Betsey Long, then 13 years of age, won the Grand Challenge Trophy, Children 's Handling Class ( as they were called then ) at Westminster.
when you and your dog step into the Junior ring, it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do.
without losing the distinctive undertow of Brahmsian rhythm, the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect.
without right attitude the other aids just do not work right".
yet the hall never intrudes as a quasi-performer.
yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand, and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall.
your ear takes you into the ensemble, and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score.
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating.
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors, Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run.
Russia, whose technology is not quite primitive, is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor, for instance.
and to making the owning of a boat simpler.
and trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago.
arriving at the waterside, the boat is launched, the family taken aboard and, that easily, another day afloat is begun.
as the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past, so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do;
boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs.
boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year ' round anchorage for their craft, will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car, driving to the water, and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat.
but during the last several years boats were launched in areas where, a short time ago, the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock.
come one, come all, the water's fine!
designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block, to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash, color, flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat.
developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government, vast, man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit, providing boating and fishing havens all over the country.
fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft, such as sailboats with no power, to be registered at all.
generally, states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities.
great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country;
having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended.
however, there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating.
if your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats, you must apply for a number from the U&S& Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways.
ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land;
in 1959, according to the Engineers, Lake Texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons.
in this respect, boats can be compared with houses.
it is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new, light, strong, easy-to-operate trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000.
it is always wise to consult your marine dealer, local yacht or boat club secretary, or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are.
it was much the same with pleasure boating at first.
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy.
laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower.
man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft.
many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators.
marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later.
must and should do.
no matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been, for example, they could never have created anything approaching the fifty square-mile Lake Texoma, located between Texas and Oklahoma, which resulted when the Corp of Army Engineers dammed the Red River.
now here is truly a marvel.
of course, individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the purchaser 's earning power, credit rating and local bank policy.
outboard motors, insurance, and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats.
providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use.
state numbering laws differ from each other in many ways.
terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances.
terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles.
the boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons.
the main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used.
the outboard engine of today has a phenomenal range of one to 80 horsepower, unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production.
the sight of sleek inboards, outboards, and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace.
the variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming.
their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook, the range being about $150 to $1,000, depending on size.
there are canoes ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips.
there are houseboats which are literally homes afloat, accommodating whole families in comfort and convenience.
there is no limit to what you can spend, yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget.
there is no question as to just what is available.
there was a time when, if a man wanted to purchase a boat, it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel.
these engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease, wherein lies their greatest advantage.
they range from an eight-foot pram, which you can build yourself for less than $50, to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000.
this year, Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national, regional and local boat shows.
today, the boat, on its trailer, is brought to the gear and loaded at the door.
what may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line.
when air travel was in its infancy, the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all.
when the automobile was in its embryonic stage, such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where, when and how fast a car could go.
where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people, means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water.
you can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft, sail, power, or both, or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond.
you may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose.
you may have your boat of wood, canvas, plywood, plastic, or metal.
you may order utility models, inboard or outboard, with or without toilets, galleys, and bunks.
you name it, our industry is producing it, and it probably is made in different models.
you pay your money and you take your choice.
#TAPPETS AND LOCKING BARS# Draw-file No& 1 tappet to a smooth fit in its respective slot and square the ends.
( see Fig& 7.
) put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole, cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar.
a little extra work here will pay off with a smooth, snug-fitting machine when you are finished.
all the bars are cut from **f brass.
as an anchor for the spring lock, insert a **f bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in Fig& 7.
as the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible.
be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1 ' sq& spacer.
break the end corners with a slight 45 degree chamfer.
cap the locking bar spacers with two **f directly under the first two" B" pieces.
cap this assembly ( with spacing bars in place ) with a **f bar.
cap with a **f bar and tack-solder in place.
compress the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for" B".
cut five pieces of **f brass bar stock 3-3 ' long.
cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut.
dress all surfaces with a file, cleaning off all solder and drilling burrs.
drill 20 No& 47 holes in the upper piece" A" as shown in Fig& 7.
drill a No& 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw.
drill a No& 47 hole crosswise through the tappet at the position shown in Figs& 7 and 8.
drill a No& 50 hole 1-1 ' from one end and tap 2-56.
drill a No& 50 hole, tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end.
drill all No& 50 and counter-drill all except the" A" pieces size 43.
drill four No& 19 and four No& 28 holes in the 12' ' long" A" pieces.
drill two No& 50 holes, one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it, and tap 2-56.
each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting.
either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions.
figs& 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions.
fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws, tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times.
however, we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back.
let exactly 1' ' of" A" extend beyond" B" and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees.
locate the position from Fig& 7.
locate their positions in Fig& 7 and drill No& 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame.
mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together.
note 6 and 8 lock levers do n't require holes for contacts.
now cut five **f locking bar spacers ( which run horizontally ).
now lay 12 pieces of **f cut 5-3 ' long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1 ' sq&.
now place 12 pieces 1 ' sq& on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3 ' long" tappets", as they are called.
now reassemble the frame, using **f roundhead steel screws and nuts.
now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12' ' and the first two 3-3 ' bars (" A" and" B" pieces ), which are soldered together.
number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots.
placement of these holes is not critical, but they should be located so that the centers are about 1 ' from any edge.
position these using six intermediate temporary **f spacers and locate the upper 12' ' bar" A".
put the 12 tappets and some **f locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws.
remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth.
remove all the loose spacing bars.
repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars.
scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet, 1 ' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5 ' ) away from the frame edge.
see Fig& 7.
since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout, we will only describe the construction of one locking bar.
solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame.
solder this second" B" to" A" at right angles.
tack-solder all the 1 ' sq& pieces to the 10' ' and 12' ' members.
tap the" A" pieces 2-56.
tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on.
tend to make this dimension slightly undersize so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1 ' tappet movement.
the order of fitting is not too important.
there should be 10' ' between the two parallel members and each should be 1' ' from an end of the long piece.
these are supporting members for the short locking bars.
these will be drilled and tapped later on.
these will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts.
this gives you the spacing for locating the left-hand piece" B".
to each tappet except 6 and 8, solder a **f piece of brass and file to the tapered shape shown in Figs& 6 and 8.
to find the other stop screw position, insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge.
total distance is about 21 '.
#ENGINE DISPLACEMENT# A rodder should be able to compute the displacement of his engine.
#GEAR RATIO- SPEED RELATIONSHIPS# There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed, engine speed, rear axle gear ratio, and rear tire size.
a constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation.
a tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made.
actually, the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine.
after the factors just described have been computed, they are applied to the following formula: **f For an example let 's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches.
another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position.
any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics.
any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible, with normal means, to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed.
applying these figures to the formula we get the equation: **f The compression ratio is 10 to 1.
by using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three.
compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth micrometer or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth.
cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid.
cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula: **f.
dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters ( cc ).
dimensions in inches, and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches.
displacement is sometimes referred to as" swept volume".
do not overfill the chamber.
factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders, the length of the piston stroke, the number of cylinders in the engine, and a constant.
for example, let 's consider a standard 283 cubic inch Chevy V8.
however, some formulas are used more than others.
however, the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters.
it is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly.
it is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed.
most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc ), making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches.
most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions.
multiplying the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the engine's total displacement.
one inch equals 2.54 centimeters: one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters.
other good miles have been by Debonnie ( Dale Frost-Debby Hanover ) and Prompt Time ( Adios-On Time ) in 2:28-:36;
pi is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles.
rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport.
she is owned by Ralph H& Kroening, Milwaukee, Wis&, who, according to the railbirds, can feel justly proud of her.
shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result.
some formulas contain" constants".
sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it will n't affect the final computation.
such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber.
the amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity.
the answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and, quite often, are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events.
the compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used.
the constant is .7854, which is one-quarter of 3.1416, another constant known as" pi".
the cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length, which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders.
the different steps will look like this: **f #COMPRESSION RATIO# A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume, or its displacement, with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber.
the formula for this step is: **f This volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket opening.
the formula is: **f.
the formula, with the fractions converted to decimals, becomes **f.
the measurement must be in inches.
the only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms.
the only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position.
the total of these three volumes is the" final combustion chamber volume".
the volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch.
the volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume.
then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface.
these are MPH for Car speed RPM for Engine crankshaft speed R for Rear axle gear ratio W for Tire size Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly.
these engines have a cylinder diameter of 3-7 inches and a stroke length of 3 inches.
this is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft.
this is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension.
this method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have pistons with either domed or irregularly shaped heads.
to arrive at the answer, multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right.
to determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed, gear ratio, and tire size, the formula is: **f For an engine speed of 5000 rpm, a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1, and a tire radius of 13 inches, the equation would look like this: **f To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is: **f Using the same figures as for the previous example, the equation becomes: **f To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors, the formula is: **f Using the figures from the previous examples, the equation becomes: **f #ORLANDO, FLA&, FEB& 2#- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ), a member of the Dick Williams stable, who was clocked 2:25.
to measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head, install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level.
to simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors.
we 'll take them in the general order of their popularity.
when it is needed, one formula is as important as another.
when tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula.
#DEL MAR, CALIF&, FEB& 3#- After 52 rainless days, moisture finally came to Del Mar, resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses, and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season.
Armbro Comet ( Nibble Hanover-Mauri Hanover ) has been in 2:38.
Bordner Hanover ( Tar Heel-Betty Mahone ) 2:34;
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ), 2:30.3-:36;
Carter Creed, p, 3, 2:01.1, Great Lullwater 2:00.3, and Hi Jay, p, 2:05.1 h have been in 2:30;
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 h;
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter in Dr& Orin I&, 3 ( by Yankee Hanover ), his latest mile in 2:20;
Duffy Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 h;
Eddie Duke, p, 3 ( by Duke of Lullwater ), Marilyn C&, p ( by Sampson Hanover ) and Chalidale Barry, 5 ( by King's Ransom ) in 2:20;
Faber's Choice ( Faber Hanover-Sally Joe Whippet ) 2:36 h;
Harold J& ( Worthy Boy-Lady Scotland ) 2:36;
I have just seen Debonnie and Prompt Time work a mile in 2:34, last quarter in :35.3.
I will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future.
Invercalt ( Florican-Inverness ) 2:35 h;
Iosola Hanover ( Kimberly Kid-Isoletta Hanover ) 2:36 h. the last-named is one of the favorites in the stable, and the boys like her very much.
Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ), 2:30.3-:36;
Jacky Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Lorraine ) 2:36 h;
Jimmy Jordon is high on Adios Scarlet ( Adios-Rena Grattan ) and she sure looks good as she goes by.
Knightfall ( Knight Dream-Miss Worthy Grapes ) 2:36 h;
Laguerre Hanover ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ), 2:30.3-:36.1;
Lena Faber ( Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena ) 2:33 h;
Lorena Gallon ( Bill Gallon-Loren Hanover ), 2:30-:34.3;
Maria Key, 2, 2:06 h looked great in 2:22;
Martha Rodney ( Rodney-Miss Martha D& ) 2:35 h;
Miss Demon Abbe, p, 1:59.3 has trotted in 2:26, and is expected to race at this gait;
Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ), 2:30.3-:36.1;
Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone in 2:38 h. Sam is having his troubles with Layton Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover ), but hope to have him straightened out and going before long.
Sam Caton's Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ), a light bay filly, knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36.
Sherwood Lass, 4 ( by Victory Song ) in 2:22;
after well broken and equipped with 12 oz shoes on behind, bare-footed in front, she would trot a real storm with the master, Delvin, driving.
and Dauntless, 3 ( by Greentree Adios ) in 2:32.
being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled.
brief Candle ( Harlan-Marcia ) has gone in 2:37 h;
charm Rodney ( Rodney-The Charmer ) 2:37 h;
custom Maid ( Knight Dream-Way Dream ) 2:34.2 h;
early Sun, p, 2:02.3, Chester Maid 2:05, Dark Sun, p, 2:06.1, and Sun Tan Maid 2:05.2 have been in 2:21.
fair Sail ( Farvel-Topsy Herring ) 2:36 h;
flick Nipe's and Neil Engle's Miss Phone ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait, and she has worked up to date in 2:46.
for the aged horses: mr& Budlong, p, 2:00.2 h, Lottie Thomas, p, 2:04.2 h, Mighty Signal 2:03, Clever Braden, p, 2:01.1 h, and Glow Star, p, 2:02.3 have been in 2:35;
fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ), 2:30.3-:36;
good Flying ( Good Time-Olivette Hanover ) 2:36 h;
good Little Girl ( Good Time-Mynah Hanover ) 2:36 h;
he is going sound again now, and looks good.
her best time to date is about 2:30 h. he also likes Hampton Hanover ( Titan Hanover-Bertie Hanover ) 2:37 h. Cathy J& Hanover ( Tar Heel-Kaola Hanover ), formerly called Karet Hanover, has been rather a problem child, but it getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about 2:31.
in going away Debonnie got behind several lengths, stalling at the start- she is a little fussy.
lucky Freight ( Knight Dream-Lusty Helen ), 2:31.3-:35.3.
mocking Byrd, p, 2:01.1 h has been in 2:12, with a racing date approaching at Bay Meadows.
next Knight ( Knight Dream-Next Time ) 2:36 h;
premium Freight ( Titan Hanover-Pebble Hanover ), 2:30.3-:35.3;
prompt Time shows class.
prudent Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Precious Hanover ), 2:30.3-:35.3;
rain on Friday prevented many workouts, but there were a few miles of note on Thursday.
she hesitated, she hopped, she roll and rocked, skipped and jumped, but in some two weeks she started to pace, From that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the classiest things on the grounds.
stormy Dream, p, 2:01.3 h, Demon Abbe, p, 2:02, Dundeen B&, 4, 2:04.2 h, Claudia's Song, 3, 2:06.3 h, and ( jet Fire, 4, 2:02.2 have been in 2:25;
tanker T&, 3, 2:05.3 is now wearing hopples and has trained in 2:19;
they left the three-quarters together and finished almost together.
this filly is another Adios that wants to trot, and trot she did until forced to do otherwise.
those responsible included Stardel Hanover ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ), 2:30-:34.3;
tiger Hanover, p, 3 ( by Adios ) in 2:26;
trader Jet ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 h;
trader Rich ( Worthy Boy-Marquita Hanover ) 2:37 h;
victory Sun, p, 2:04 has trained in 2:24;
while 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track, green horses are starting to go a bit, and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it.
work-outs for the week are as follows: plain Scotch, 3 ( by Scotch Victor ), Demon Law, 3 ( by Demon Hanover ), Coffee Royal, p ( by Royal Blackstone ) and Beauty Way, p, 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) in 2:25;
#BEGINNERS' GUNS, ' 61# A fresh crop of beginners ' guns showed up in 1961, and they' re good bets for your Christmas gift list if you 're wondering what to get for a youngster.
#HANDGUNS, ' 61# Aside from the .22 Jet- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year 's two biggest developments- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns.
#SHOTGUNS, ' 61# Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year, a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market.
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for- he had prospered, but he could not retire from horsedom.
LIVERY STABLE- J& VERNON, PROP"& Coaching had declined considerably by 1905, but the sign was still there, near the old Wells Fargo building in San Francisco, creaking in the fog as it had for thirty years.
Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter, although it 's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock.
Mossberg's latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 ( from $73.50 );
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips, but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks, and he was glad when the trips dropped off, and the botanists began to motor out by themselves.
a beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year.
a shortened version of the highly regarded Remington 742 autoloader also appeared in 1961.
a spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available.
a trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets.
another boy's model is the .22 single-shot Remington 514C ( around $20 ), which comes with a 21-inch barrel and a short- 12-1 stock;
because of its traditional lines, it probably has more kid appeal than any other model.
big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line for 1961, with the addition of the .375 and .458 to the list of Model 725's.
breakfast was at the Palace Hotel, luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest, and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz.
coaching was in his blood.
either model is a very good dollar value.
firearms International has introduced another import, this one from Finland.
for example, a Browning trap version of the Superposed over, the Broadway ( from $350 up, depending on grade ), differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end, a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting.
gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring, so halts were contrived between meals.
he had two interests in life: the pleasures of the table and driving.
high Standard has also added two models to its line.
his patronage on this stretch was made up largely of San Franciscans- regulars, most of them, and trenchermen like himself.
in spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of botanists which included an old friend of mine.
in the Spanish days Franciscan monks roamed here to collect the resin for incense.
it 's a single-shot bolt-action with an automatic safety- i&e&, the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot.
it 's just right for a boy of 12-1.
it 's the Valmet ( about $170 ), a 12-gauge over very much like the old Remington 32- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices.
it yields a fragrance as Orphic as that of the pastilles of Malabar.
many experienced hunters like this gauge and type of scattergun too.
my friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run.
once again the Mossberg Targo outfit has appeared, but this time as a bolt-action rifle-shotgun combination.
presently, the 742C is available in **f.
see page 24 for a complete report on it.
stock design is excellent, and this model is a good first gun.
the Colt line now includes a new scattergun, the Standard or Custom Pump Model ( about $90 and $150, respectively ) in 12, 16 and 20.
the Flite-King Trophy ( beginning at just over $85 ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16.
the Supermatic Trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto.
the Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic wing-shooting practice, but it 's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds.
the action is a drop-block, handling all the standard .22 rim-fires.
the bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which, surprisingly, gives pretty fair accuracy even though it 's only 3-1 inches long.
the combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds, right now!
the journey back he made along the coast road, traveling hell-for-leather, every lantern of the tallyho ablaze.
the latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 Deluxe ( under $135 ), which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design.
the most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 ( about $20, $5 for a saddle scabbard)- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look.
the replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate.
the single-barrel Stevens 940Y ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters are n't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun- and the side lever does indeed open very easily.
the southward route was the classic run in California, and the most fashionable.
then the Chinese hostler, who rode with Vernon on the box, would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon, sandwiches, pickled eggs, and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp.
there 's another addition to the Stevens line, the pump-action Model 77 in .410 ( under $75 ), which you may or may not consider a kid's gun;
these are made on special order only, in Kodiak grade ( about $310 ), with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads;
they did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ), nor of the tariff, which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco.
they gathered roots, bulbs, odd ferns, leaves, and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir, which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains.
they weigh around nine pounds.
they' ll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it 's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark.
this carbine ( under $140, about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1 barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel.
this design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard.
this gun has a 12-1 stock and is available in either 20 or .410 gauge.
this is an improved version of the old Model 200, a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun.
this is the Model 122 ( about $20 );
twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road, upland and through the redwood forest, with orchards below him at one hand, and glimpses of the Pacific at the other.
you can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater, the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot, the 320TR ( $10 less ).
you can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with .22 shotshells- to break the little Targo clay targets.
## Every winter a kegful of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other kegs in the cellar, so that when its turn came, it was properly mellowed.
#PHOTOGRAPHING IN THE NORTHEAST# Some tips for shooting in Northeastern locales: in New York City do n't miss coverage of the United Nations.
#THE NORTHEAST# BIRTHPLACE of the nation, the Northeast offers historic battlefields;
#THE SOUTH# THE SOUTHERN United States, extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west, still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance.
( the Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height.
) apple trees grew there also.
North to Acadia National Park, Maine, with views of a rockbound coast and dark, magnificent forests.
Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley Forge;
THOSE WHO have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive, on the basis of textbook description alone, the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government.
Vicksburg, Mississippi;
acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ), whose" carcass sweepstakes" were renowned.
after this has simmered an hour, add two tablespoons each of Worcestershire, catsup, and chutney, two pickled walnuts, and a pint of Sherry.
among the locales to visit are Shiloh, Tennessee;
any special photographic requirements are also given.
around New England, you 'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque lighthouses.
at Sturbridge Village, Massachusetts, you 'll find a completely-restored New England town.
be careful here not to overexpose this subject since they are extremely bright and light-reflecting.
but no one complained when they wound up, regardless of season, in venison pies.
by automobile from New York, for example, you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis, Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U&S& Naval Academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays );
contribute also an onion, a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins, and a mashed lime.
dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery, which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets.
flash is allowed, subject to above restrictions.
for this reason, < U&S& Camera > has prepared this special U&S&A& vacation feature.
from here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket, Massachusetts, which looks just as it must have two centuries ago.
however, the use of tripods is not allowed.
in a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them, an equal amount of sugar, a sliced lemon, a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam, a pinch each of clove and nutmeg, and a large bay leaf.
in color, 1 of a second between **f and **f will do for bright, frontal sunlight.
it encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation, on the one hand, to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera.
it was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce, who admired its redwoods.
let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain.
lookout Mountain, Tennessee;
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights.
new England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches, artists' colonies and quaint townships.
no one complained of the white wine either: at this altitude of two thousand feet, grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint.
now you 're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America 's most exciting city.
now, to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation, we have the two new states of Hawaii and Alaska.
of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where, likely as not, you 'll catch some memorial re-enactments.
one of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City.
or to Lancaster, Pa&, the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country;
photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings.
pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours.
poach the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes, drain them, and cool.
return through New England, stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park.
set the apples in the pastry-lined tin, spread over them three tablespoonfuls of softened butter, with as much brown sugar, a sprinkling of nutmeg, and a fresh bay leaf, then lay on a cover of pastry, and gild it with beaten yolk of egg.
the lush and historic charm of the South.
the merit of the pie, Vernon believed, was due more to its making than to the waning heat of the oven.
the miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest;
the recipe, which he got from the baker, and wrote down in his ledger, is basically this: #WRIGHT' S APPLE PIE# Peel, core, and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin, and set aside.
the rolling farms of Maryland, the peerless metropolis of New York City, the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation.
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains;
the skyline, the bridges, Broadway, and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your" must" list for New York City.
the smoke-filled, art-filled, drama-filled life of the great cities of the East;
their ham butts, cured in oak-log smoke, were also esteemed when roasted or boiled, and served with this original sauce: #WRIGHT' S DEVIL SAUCE# Put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy, or of the boiled ham liquor, with a half stick of butter, three teaspoonfuls of made mustard, and two mashed garlic cloves.
then simmer fifteen minutes longer.
there you 'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts& and the Winooski River.
these striking, modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available.
they leaped six-foot fences with the agility of panthers.
though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring, the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle.
to Washington, D&C&, for an eye-filling tour of the city;
to West Point, N&Y&, the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the Hudson River.
to hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and, of course, to bring back pictures of your experiences, requires advance planning.
use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in photogenic America.
vineyards and orchards also grew around Wright's, and deer were rather a nuisance;
we divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover.
#MAGNIFICENT MOSQUE# Retracing my steps to the Mosque of Sultan Ahmet, only one with six minarets, I entered the courtyard, with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the middle.
#START OF TOUR# Most of the sights lie in the old section across the Golden Horn from the modern hotels.
BUILT UPON seven hills, Istanbul, like Rome, is one of the most ancient cities in the world, filled with splendor and contrast.
Colorado's Grand Canyon, probably the most famous landmark of the United States, can be the highpoint of your Western vacation.
I got off there, crossed the street, walked ahead with St& Sophia on my left, the Blue Mosque on my right, and in a moment came to the entrance of St& Sophia.
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office, next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel.
I stayed on the car for a few minutes until, turning right, it entered a huge square, Bayezit, with the Bayezit Mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it.
a few years later the dome fell in.
about a thousand years after that, when the Roman Empire was divided, it became capital of the Eastern section.
across the bridge on the left I saw St& Sophia with its sturdy brown minarets and to the right of them the slenderer spires of the Blue Mosque.
across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome, now a park.
actually an underground cistern, its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars, it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water.
after lunch, in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava- a sweet, flaky cake- in Istanbul.
after the Turks conquered the city in 1453 they converted it to a mosque, adding the stubby minarets.
among its most spectacular features are its falls, the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet.
at the beginning of the Hippodrome I saw the Kaiser's Fountain, an ugly octagonal building with a glass dome, built in 1895 by the German Emperor, and on my left, directly across from it, the tomb of Sultan Ahmet, who constructed the Blue Mosque, more properly known by his name.
at the moment, many of these are being pulled down.
at the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park.
back at the Kaiser's Fountain, I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill- any car will do- past the Column of Constantine, also known as the Burnt Column, at the top on my right.
behind this is a minber or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden grillwork, where the emperors and, after them, the sultans, sat.
beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned, a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence.
beyond it I noted a small green column, about twelve feet below the present ground level- the Serpentine Column, three entwined serpents, which once stood at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi, Greece.
called the Marmara Gazinosu, it is on the third floor, with signs pointing the way there, and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara.
directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for T 4 and rode it down to the Bosphorus, with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace immediately after that.
directly opposite is the emperor's door, through which they entered the building.
easy to get to, and becoming more popular every year, it is only fourteen hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet, four hours from Rome.
erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St& Sophias, the first of which was begun by Constantine, this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later.
even when they are finished, however, the contrast will remain, for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents.
fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks.
for almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets.
founded in the Ninth Century B&C& it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas, ruler of the Megarians, expanded the settlement and named it after himself.
from there I turned left along Cumhuriyet Cadesi past more hotels and a park on the left, Republic Gardens, and came in a few moments to Taksim Square, one of the hubs of the city, with the Monument of the Republic, erected in 1928, in its center.
in 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks, the city officially shifted religions- although the Patriarch, or Pope, of the Orthodox Church continued to live there, and still does- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
in California is located one of the most popular of the national parks- Yosemite.
in the Utah area are Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon National Park.
in the second half of the Sixteenth Century, Sinan, the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East, designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome.
inside over the first door I saw one of these, which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple.
inside, the walls are covered with blue and white tile, the floor with red and cream carpets.
it 's a great favorite of the university students, and I joined them there for dessert.
it is an exotic place, so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with haphazard houses.
it stands in the middle of what was once the Forum of Constantine, who brought it from Rome.
it was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games.
just before coming to the mosque entrance I crossed the street, entered the Hippodrome, and walked ahead to the Obelisk of Theodosius, originally erected in Heliopolis in Egypt about 1,600 B&C& by Thutmose, who also built those now in New York, London and Rome at the Lateran.
near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column, a truncated obelisk of blocks, all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes.
nevertheless, it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire, where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned.
on May 11, 330 A&D&, its name was changed again, this time to Constantinople after its emperor, Constantine.
on his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon 's in Jerusalem.
on the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing.
on the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square, with Yeni Cami, or the New Mosque, which dates from the Seventeenth Century, just across from the entrance to the bridge.
one of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul, it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century, with a huge central dome, two half domes that seem to cascade down from it, and smaller full domes around the gallery.
outside St& Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it, with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left.
passing it, the bus climbed a hill, with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli 's, a famous and excellent restaurant, above it.
rich in Christian and Moslem art, Istanbul is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a seaside resort as well with the development of new beaches on the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara only a short distance from the center of town.
statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen, mostly by the waves of Crusaders.
taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain, I walked ahead, then left down the street opposite St& Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small, one-story building with a red-tile roof, which is the entrance to the Sunken Palace.
the Sequoia Grove presents another unique aspect of Yosemite, for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten.
the eight green columns, I learned, came from the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, the others, red, from the Temple of the Sun at Heliopolis.
the round minarets, tall and graceful, rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer.
there I got off, crossed the square, and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant, hard to come by in this part of the city.
there the bus turned right along the Bosphorus, past ocean liners at anchor, to Galata Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn, a brown sweep of water that empties into the Bosphorus.
this one was set up here in 390 A&D& on a pedestal, the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome, done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them.
when < that > was broken up after the First World War, its name was changed once more.
whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide boulevards that will show off its treasures to better advantage- the great domes and graceful spires of its mosques, the panorama of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn.
with the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War, St& Sophia became a museum, and the ancient mosaics, which were plastered over by the Moslems, whose religion forbids pictures in holy places, have been restored.
#SIMPLE MEAT DISHES# SPICE is a fact of life in the U&S&A&.
-an unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey, lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic.
-relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns.
-using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns, too.
< do > buy all-purpose mugs or cups.
< do n't > forget the joys of a meal on the road.
_CANNED COCKTAIL FRANKFURTERS_ _SWEET-SOUR SAUCE_ { 1 large onion, chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz& can crushed pineapple and 1 cup of the juice 1 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce } _PINEAPPLE CHUNKS_ _MUSTARD CREAM_ { 2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1 cup heavy cream, whipped Salt Paprika } Spear canned cocktail franks with picks.
_HOT HIBACHI FRANKS_ You 'll never hear" sayonara", the Japanese word for goodbye, from your guests when you give a hibachi party.
_JIFFY BARBECUES_ { 1 cup chili sauce 1 cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1 pound chipped, spiced ham 6 sandwich buns, heated } Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan;
_TRIM-YOUR-OWN-FRANKS_ A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer.
a story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St& Louis, around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers.
add ham;
add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl.
as you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night, visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal.
be sure to get a few more than you need.
be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand.
bring along the conventional ones- catsup, pickle relish, mustard, mayonnaise- plus a few extras, such as tangy barbecue sauce, chive cream cheese, or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd.
broil or toast as usual.
contrary to popular opinion," a la mode" does n't mean" with ice cream"- it just means, in the latest style.
decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work.
discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced sausage-meat come upon a compromise.
eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings;
either way it 's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation.
even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter, inside.
fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika.
for 25 c load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car.
for sweet-sour sauce, cook onion in oil until soft.
get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot.
go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics- cervelat, salami, Vienna sausages, mettwurst, bratwurst, bockwurst, knackwurst, Bologna, pepperoni, blutwurst- and you have a long list of easy specialties.
he had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks.
heat thoroughly.
heat.
here are a couple of the latest, highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard!
if you travel over the vast U&S&A& you will, no doubt, discover that feeding is an expensive business.
in the winter, hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace.
make sauces ahead.
makes 6 barbecues.
maybe a skillet, a basket of essentials like salt, pepper, plates, forks, knives and a can opener.
mustard cream, used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits, tastes best when served at room temperature.
or just evenings.
serve on buns.
serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks.
simmer about 10 minutes, and keep warm for serving.
so that his customers should not soil their hands, Feuchtwanger issued white gloves.
some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne, Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut.
summertime supper, outside, is a natural.
sure, for the most of us, a frankfurter is the favorite.
sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage.
the fun of toasting their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal burners and dipping them in tasty sauces will keep your group busy- try it and see!
the nations's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter- toasted over a bonfire on the beach or, more sedately, charcoal broiled on a portable grill.
this permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking.
threaded on a skewer with new boiled potatoes, a bit of green pepper, a fresh white mushroom- any one of these spiced meats makes a man a cook, and a meal a feast.
to make the picnic frank come close to perfection, remember these tips: -score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through.
to prepare mustard cream, blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste.
turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up, hamburger, buns, an array of relishes, and fresh fruit- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant, and 100% more fun.
watch closely while browning them, as it does n't take long.
years later, franks-in-buns were accepted as the" first to go" at the New York Polo Grounds.
you 'll find, once your technique is perfected, that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic.
you 'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering!
you < can > take it with you **h a picnic bag, a grill, a cooler for soft drinks and beer, and for frozen convenience foods.
you need a little stove, a coffee pot and a stew pot;
you only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean.
you will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one, use six for drinks, serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen- and need one more to mix the salad dressing.
#JARS WITH LIDS# ( opposite page, top left ): remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold.
#LITTLE FOLKS SET:# ( Made from modern wooden molds **f.
#PAPERWEIGHT# ( opposite page, top left ): red clay was used, rolled 1 ' thick.
#ROUND PLAQUE# ( opposite page, bottom ): white clay was used, rolled to 1 ' thickness.
) roll white clay to 3 ' thickness.
_SALT AND PEPPER:_ Use mold to cut four side pieces.
_TO ASSEMBLE:_ Construct sides, bottom and top as for box, using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams.
allow all pieces to become leather hard before constructing shaker.
bisque fire to cone 08 with lid on jar.
bisque fired to cone 05.
bisque fired to cone 05.
check fit of lid on jar;
cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45' angle to miter corners.
cut clay top and base pieces;
decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors;
fill small hole in bowl with clay.
for an antique effect on jars, brush Creek-Turn brown toner on bisque ware and sponge it off.
for top and bottom pieces, use short end of mold as measurement guide.
glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze.
glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid.
glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white stoneware glaze ( no glaze on sides or bottom ).
if design head has a deep cavity, clay lid will be quite thick at this point;
if inner lid is too big, trim to fit, allowing room for thickness of glaze.
join B to bottom of A, scoring and reinforcing with clay coil.
line sides of mold with paper pattern A. bevel and score ends of clay piece A so that they overlap about 1 ' and make even thickness.
make all four sides.
make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see Fig& 1, opposite page ).
measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl.
mold was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45' angle, to form an undercut, making base smaller than the pattern top.
no bisque firing.
no further firing.
opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used.
paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard.
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of A. pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside A. jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold.
pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of A. use wooden design head of mold for pattern C;
place clay piece A inside;
place clay pieces on wall board.
place design-side up on plaster board.
place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly.
place on plaster board.
place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position.
press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions.
press eraser of pencil gently 1 ' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing.
press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold.
raised details of designs were colored in shades of yellow-green, blue-green, brown and pink.
remove jar from mold.
remove lid from head of mold.
score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold;
score one side of disk D, join to C;
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before.
score plain side of C and leave in mold.
stained with Jacquelyn's ceramic unfired stain, polished, following manufacturer's directions.
the large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off.
tiles were fired once to cone 05.
to assemble jar, put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top.
to assemble lid, press clay piece C in cavity of wooden design head.
trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid.
trim excess clay from rim of mold.
unglazed.
use slip to join overlapped ends together.
use white or buff clay, rolled to 3 ' thickness.
when dry they were fired to cone 06-05.
while assembled lid is still on design head, gently but firmly press it on plaster board.
while clay is still pressed in mold, press three equally spaced holes 1 ' deep, using pencil eraser, in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing.
#WEAVING SEAM# _TO WEAVE SEAMS TOGETHER:_ Straight vertical edges, such as those at the back seam of a sock, can be woven together invisibly.
HOTEI is 23 feet long with an 8-1 beam and every inch a family boat.
a Gator trailer, Model 565, is used to transport the boat to the waterways.
a comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000.
a number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets.
after notching it for the keelson, chines and battens, the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails.
after the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily braced, a piece of three-inch-wide mahogany ( only widths will be given since the 13 thickness is used throughout ) is butted between frames one and two below the line of the keelson.
all are well distributed, not crowded together near the stern.
all bottom battens are two inches wide.
all frames are butted at the joints and 3 plywood gussets are glued and nailed on each side of each joint, again using the one-inch, No& 12 nails.
all framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which, in the dressed state you buy it, is about the 13 thickness specified in the drawings.
and with passenger weight shifted forward, Hotei levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800.
backstitch seam.
be sure all members are parallel, vertical and level as required.
besides flathead bronze screws, silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail + Packing Co&, Bridgewater, Mass& ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinal glue is used in all the joints.
consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it.
draw each outline in a different-color chalk, one on top of the other.
ease in any extra fullness evenly around.
hold edges together, right side up.
if notched for the battens, they would require more work, be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through.
in this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes.
it is over this piece that the laminated stem and keelson are spliced.
menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view.
needless to say, you can n't build Hotei in a couple of weeks.
nor is she a wet boat.
note, however, that it is six inches shorter at the forward end.
nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking.
on each side of the motor well there's storage for battery, bumpers, line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below.
one-inch, No& 10 screws are used in both cases.
our building time was slightly over 400 hours- but the total cost for the hull with Fiberglas bottom, sink, head and hardware was under $800.
she also banks into a turn like a fine runabout- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser.
start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor.
take two three-inch-wide pieces and rip them down the center of the thickness to make the four.
the 80- hp motor drives her at 25 mph with six aboard!
the aft cockpit has a **f storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat.
the battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary fairing on all frames.
the cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis, life jackets, etc&.
the first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two.
the first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames.
the frames are glued and screwed to this piece.
the frames are notched only for the keelson and the chines.
the gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit.
the jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete.
the joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated Fiberglas cloth and nailed.
the keelson, made of two three-inch widths, is next installed.
the second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first.
the second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member.
the side ones are a half-inch narrower.
the stem is laminated from four pieces.
the transom frame is made first with the joints lapped, glued and fastened with one-inch, No& 12 Stronghold nails.
the well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tank below it.
then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig.
there 's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items.
therefore, the lumber is bought in planks and ripped to size for battens, etc&, on a table saw.
they' re glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson.
this is an important step because any misalignment would cause progressively worse misalignment in the hull as you advance in construction.
this piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in mooring and hauling fees in a few years.
thread matching yarn in tapestry needle.
we 've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry.
with only two aboard, Hotei does better than 27 mph- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop.
youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom, bunks for three, galley and marine toilet.
{ a lot of thought } went into storage space construction.
{ a stem jig } is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one.
{ construction } follows a thorough study of the drawings.
#THE MATERIALS# With this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic ( A version ) and the expandable ( B version ).
#THE SITE# Some general things to look for in a site, if you have n't already bought one, are accessibility, water drainage, and orientation.
#THE THEORY# The idea behind our design is modular units, or panelization.
#a WARNING# Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country, the first thing to do is to find out what, if any, they are.
< you can build this vacation cottage yourself.
a head is a handy thing to have and I installed one under a removable section of the port bunk.
a visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very informative.
all nails should be rustproof, and aluminum is highly recommended.
all panel board comes in standard **f foot size.
at the same time check the electrical, plumbing, and sanitary requirements, as well as possible zoning regulations.
available in **f sheets, it costs about a dollar a square foot.
be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an unfounded opinion.
bear in mind that this does < not > include interior panels for partitions, fancy flooring, appliances and fixtures, electrical wiring, and plumbing, all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues.
because of the unique design by the architect Egils Hermanovski, you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time.
but each step has been broken down into easy stages, utilizing standard materials and simple tools, well within the capabilities of the handyman.
close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used;
do n't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain;
everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials.
for padding the seats and bunks, I used Ensolite, Type M. lightweight, non-absorbent, fire resistant and dimensionally stable, it is easily bonded to the wood with contact cement.
how are the roads, and how will they stand up?
if there are any major restrictions, they usually can be obtained in printed form.
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all.
in any case, there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels.
in many cases, you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector.
in recognition of the growing trend for second homes, or vacation cottages, we have designed this one specifically with the family handyman in mind.
is there evidence of wash-outs on the property;
it is a big project, not to be taken lightly.
it is a full scale, small, but efficient house that can become a year ' round retreat complete in every detail.
it is recommended that panels be both glued as well as nailed to the frame.
most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials, and requires the use of only simple tools.
note where the sun rises and sets, and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from.
note: if 1 panel board is used inside and out, or 5 one side and 3 the other, and 1 glass is used, stock lumber in **f, **f, and **f can be used in making the glass panels.
on the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage, from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim >.
other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim.
swampy areas or intermittent springs?
the battens covering the joints are of **f stock and are applied after the walls are erected.
the door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade.
the drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck, a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted, a head in which the quill is mounted, a feed lever which moves the quill up or down, a power source, and a movable table upon which the work is placed.
the filler panels for the gable ends are cut from full **f sheets as shown, leaving no wastage.
the fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1 double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound.
the inner panels do not have to be weatherproof, and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired.
the louvers are constructed as shown in the detail, with a drop door for ventilation.
the outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood, plastic coated panel board, high density particle board, asbestos-cement board, or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer.
the roof timbers are precut and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days.
the sink in the hinged panel above the bunk drains into the head and a five-gallon water tank is mounted on the bulkhead above the sink.
the wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard **f and **f of a good grade, free from structural faults.
the windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin.
then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure.
there are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them.
there is often a means of locking the quill and, on larger presses, the table can be tilted.
these will be available at cost from our Plans Department.
they should be as straight as possible, as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected.
this can usually be found out at the nearest town hall.
this will be < for the shell of the house only > ( roof, walls, and floor ), and does not include the carport or balcony.
this will permit you to get a < rough > estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost.
thus, when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor, these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend.
wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors, making for a minimum of cutting.
we have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop, panel by panel, according to plan.
we will take up alternative foundations later on.
where a building permit is required, find out what you must present when applying for one.
whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not, check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ).
will the view be something you can live with?
with modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools, fixtures, and attachments available, the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool.
{ inside }, bunks are framed up and installed as indicated.
" mr& Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site, and lay out and superintend the work, or recommend a suitable person to execute it.
#WHERE TO PUT IT# Position may not be everything, but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties, social and physical.
Colonel Frederick W& Lander, impersonated, will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of Talbott 's ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel Benjamin F& Kelley's ( West ) Virginia Infantry, then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates.
John Templeman" Approved, Timothy Palmer" This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end.
Jones relented, he did not order his men to apply the torch- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley, via Beverly, and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army, while Jones and his raiders turned toward Buckhannon to join forces with Imboden.
Reverend Joshual Corder, a Baptist minister, gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies, to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure;
Richard S& Allen is the authority for the statement that the northern section was probably roofed by 1810.
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work.
a brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber.
a dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4, 1793, in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island.
again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it, after filling its two lanes with hay and straw- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered, certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force.
an advertisement in the" Newburyport Herald", December 21, 1810, shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges.
and was there apprenticed to a builder and architect, Moody Spofford.
and, although he later explained that he was talking French, it seems rather more likely that he had succumbed to the joys of the evening.
as far as we know, no American bridge had been thus protected in 1792.
between the abutments on the Newbury shore and the south bank of Deer Island there was one span or arch measuring 160 feet;
between the north shore of Deer Island and the Salisbury side there was an arch of 113 feet and a series of piers with a draw forty feet long.
but problems cling to pools, as any pool owner knows.
but what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E& ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May, 1863.
centering around this historic old structure, a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events, beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd, to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi.
completed and opened for traffic in 1852, the bridge was designed and built by Lemuel Chenoweth and his brother, Eli, of Beverly.
during the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at Grafton to the troops operating in the interior.
general Jones was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings, including the long bridge at Fairmont, and, after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge, he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it.
he reasoned and argued, pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat.
he was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops- thus the old bridge has another distinction;
in 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge.
in spite of this catastrophe, the bridge was rebuilt on the same plan and opened again on July 17, 1827.
it fell, February 6, 1827, carrying with it a horse and wagon, two men and four oxen.
it is a good eight years now since each of us acquired a swimming pool- eight enlightening, vigorous, rigorous, not wholly unrewarding years.
it is one of the very few, if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the U&S& highway system, thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days.
it is said that the eccentric Timothy Dexter, who was one of the first share-holders, stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion.
it reads: _"CHAIN BRIDGES_" Information is hereby given that Mr& Timothy Palmer of Newburyport, Mass& has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the Patentees of the Chain Bridge, in the states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, so far as relates to the sale of Patent rights and the construction of Chain Bridges.
it still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U&S& Route 250- the old Beverly and Fairmont Turnpike.
it stood in its original form until 1882.
it was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch, which appears in his famous bridges at Portsmouth, Haverhill, and Philadelphia.
its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the" Massachusetts Magazine" in May 1793, which is reproduced herewith ( Fig& 1 ).
never rebuilt, the bridge was strengtened in 1938 by two extra piers, a concrete floor, and a walk-way along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic.
on the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose.
one of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house.
so frequently has pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it vies with the old John Brown Fort at Harpers Ferry as the two nationally best known structures in West Virginia.
so our innate generosity of spirit prompts us to share our trials, errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience.
sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use, the old covered, wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site, May 28th to June 3rd.
that he moved with his parents to West Boxford when he was sixteen years old;
that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the ' 60s.
the Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge builders, and against the competition of other, and better known, bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered, wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and Staunton Turnpike a dozen years before, as well as many other bridges for several counties.
the Essex Merrimack Bridge when first built was not covered.
the Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868, when the County Commissioners laid out all the Merrimack bridges as highways.
the Philippi bridge, however, was the Chenoweth master piece, with its 139-foot, dual lane, span- and it stands today as a monument to its builders.
the bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements, war, fire, and floods, as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic, for more than a hundred years.
the horse and men were saved, but the oxen drowned.
the north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction, although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning.
the reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek, because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood;
the southern half, however, on account of its underbracing, was considered by boat owners a menace to navigation.
the" Essex Journal" says that he" delivered an oration on the bridge, which for elegance of style, propriety of speech or force of argument, was truly Ciceronian".
this covered, wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3, 1861, and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story.
this second chain bridge was 570 feet long, had two thirty-foot towers and a draw, and a double roadway.
this was built by John Templeman from plans submitted by James Finley of Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
true, our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools, thereby diluting our spectacular attractions.
twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the pleas and prayers of a local minister.
union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other inclement weather, and some of them left momentoes of their stay by carving their names and small tokens on its walls and beams.
we have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds.
we have had sound grounding in the principles of the mailed-fist-in-velvet-glove school of diplomacy.
we have learned a lot- a dash of hydrochemistry here, a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there.
we speak from varying viewpoints.
#PRESERVING THE POOL# A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight.
DRAW a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania.
_FOR ANY HOUSE._ No matter what style your home is, ranch, two-story, Colonial or contemporary, central air conditioning is easily installed.
_IS IT WORTH-WHILE?_ Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of overcooled theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted.
a brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis.
a pool is no place for a shut trap.
any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be < obsolete in 10 years >.
as the pool is emptied, stand by to brush down the walls and bottom while they are still wet.
best of all, central air conditioning is something you can afford.
but there 's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year- 'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build.
clothes hold their shape better, and mildew and rust become almost forgotten words.
control of temperature and humidity is a godsend to the aged and the invalid.
do not forget this possibility.
even if you live above that line, the FHA will back you, for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in < all > new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged.
even so, every pool owner, in case of emergency, should have some idea of what makes things work.
follow pool-care instructions to the letter, and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job, with no chance for claiming," It was n't my turn".
fortunately, it is the FHA which has arrived at this conclusion, for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage, and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress.
heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat.
housekeeping is easier.
if that's done, the house can be designed and oriented for best operation, and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself.
if you can n't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building, by all means < make provision for its easy adding later >.
if you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe, you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out.
if your house is to have a forced warm air system, cooling can be a part of it.
if your pool is located on or near sloping ground, it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris.
it can go in out-of-the-way waste space.
it has happened.
it may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene, but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around.
it will improve your disposition.
its upkeep?
like its long-lived cousin, the refrigerator, a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more.
manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances, and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial.
many hours of spring cleaning will be saved, however, if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall.
much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp, but requires dynamite if allowed to dry.
never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves- even if the little boys do want to play space ship.
new simplified packaged units, recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts, and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900.
no less an authority than the FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs.
of course, when your 6-inch torrent of water is released, it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties.
often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense.
on the contrary, there are fewer colds and smaller doctor bills.
once on the water, these little visitors seldom leave, and this adds to your filtering and vacuuming problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present.
or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers.
our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible, from pipes to brushes.
that brings its per-year cost down mighty low.
the children can have their daytime naps and hot meals, and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms.
the cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum, fewer trips to the dry cleaners, lighter loads for the washing machine.
the equipment will n't take up valuable space either.
the filtered air benefits allergies, asthma, sinus, hay fever.
the need for reupholstering, redecorating, repainting becomes more infrequent.
the walls feel slippery.
two men can often do the installation in a day.
we know now that a 15-degree differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable, and accurate controls assure the comfort we want.
we know, too, that health is never harmed by summer cooling.
when shed, they leave rust marks.
when you 're less fatigued, things just naturally look brighter.
with or without professional help, you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool nurse.
you 'll sleep longer and better, too, awake refreshed and free of hot weather nerves.
you can forget about screens, and leave the storm windows up all year around.
you can hope against hope that come spring cleaning, your fair-weather friends will lend a hand at scrubbing and furbishing.
you can install it yourself- this is a central system that will cool < every part > of your house.
you may find yourself hitting bottom, literally, as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in.
you need algaecide.
you need more chlorine.
you should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water.
you should see to it that the trap, the dirt-catcher in front of the filter, is always clean.
## FOR SITE PLANNING WORK, it is best to have a qualified and experienced park planner to carry through the study.
## MOST RECREATION WORK calls for a good deal of pre-planning.
< restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house >.
@ How useful will it be to the public?
@ How well can the site be developed?
@ Is this site available?
@ What are the existing recreation features?
_KEEPING CONDITIONERS QUIET._ It 's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet, but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum.
a body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use.
a light-colored roof will reduce sun heat by 50 per cent.
a restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use.
a site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs.
a site may be a rundown slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water.
a site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic.
a visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area.
an area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach.
an attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool.
avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom.
begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible.
check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site.
county judges, commissioners, engineers, assessors, and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences.
frontage on a body of clear, clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water.
gas adds to the moisture load.
good workmanship is important in the installation, so if you 're doing your own contracting, do n't award the job on the basis of price alone.
how much study is required?
however, there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation.
in insulation, the numbers to remember are 6-4-2.
in looking for the best sites available that meet the requirements, you need information to compare the site with others.
in recent years many counties and the U& S& Forest Service have taken aerial photos which show features in detail and are very good for planning use.
inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation.
insulate, weatherstrip, double-glaze to the maximum.
it also cools the air in summer and nourishes the trees and wild life.
it costs two to three times as much to remove a BTU in summer as it does to add one in winter, so every solitary BTU is worth attention.
it is too easy for the inexperienced person to make a quick judgment of a few values of the area and base a decision on these alone.
it is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field, showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site.
it may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake, colorful rock formations, or unusual trees.
most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the assessor's office showing ownerships of land.
most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas.
naturally, a park site with scenic views, a good lake, trees, and sand dunes, will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes.
note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy.
one of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery.
quality is vitally important.
some recreation features, such as scenic values and water interest, also have greater overall value than other interests.
such extra-thick insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation, but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling.
the amount of water frontage, the quantity and quality of the water, and the recreation afforded by it are important.
the new editions of topographic maps being made by the federal government are excellent for orienting yourself to the natural features of the site.
the same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use.
these are a great aid for planning use back at the office.
these are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies.
these are inexpensive and available from the U& S& Geological Society, Washington 25, D& C&.
they stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling, 4 inches in the side walls, 2 inches in the floors.
they' re easier to shade there.
this follows naturally since frontage on an ocean, stream, or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing, fishing, boating, and other water sports.
this gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions, the exposure to the sun and wind, the water interests, etcetera, which vary greatly with the seasons.
this is particularly true in site selection.
this, of course, depends on the character of the site itself, the previous experience of the investigator, and the number of factors needed to arrive at a good decision.
usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions.
water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site.
with such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available.
you 'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space, and using an electric range instead of a gas one.
you 'll foil them in droves, along with their pal humidity, by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan, a bathroom ventilator for when you shower, and an outside vent for the clothes drier.
you must have a list of requirements on where, how many, and what type sites are needed.
you must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organtion are;
you need answers to four important questions.
" Uncle Sam" was, indeed, a rich uncle to Prokofieff, in those opulent, post-war victory years of peace and prosperity, bold speculations and extravaganzas, enjoyment and pleasure:" the Golden Twenties".
> certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon.
Chicago was also a welcome host: there, in 1921, Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the < Love for Three Oranges, > and played the first performance of his Third Piano Concerto.
I heard the < Classical > Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927.
I myself was one of the skeptics ( 35 years ago ).
I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer, shouting in his high-pitched voice:" **h it may be a < tour de force, mais mon Dieu, > can anyone take this music seriously"?
I think the answer is to be found in Prokofieff's own words:" the clarity must be new, not old".
Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero, who, by the force of his creative life, helped preserve the main stream of tradition, to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated.
Prokofieff never forsakes his medium for the cause of experimentation < per se >.
a brilliant < piece de resistance?
a tongue-in-cheek stylization of 18th-Century ideas;
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times;
a world beset with new boundaries, new treaties and governments, new goals and methods, and the age-old fears of aggression and subjugation- hunger and exposure.
after this holocaust, a changing world occupied the minds of men;
all musical Paris was there.
also, it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations, the brilliant orchestrations, the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass, the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output, even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema, where a large, dramatic canvas of sound was required.
and with what resource did Prokofieff back up his Credo of words- with torrents of powerful music.
at this date, it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the archives of History, as an effective Traditionalist, who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation, and used it as it served his purpose;
but no: Prokofieff grew.
by 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people:" I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom, but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody.
certainly, America took Prokofieff and his < Classical > Symphony seriously, and with a good deal of pleasure.
certainly, it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western World- not his experimentations.
compare the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little < Classical > Symphony and his big, muscular, passionate, and eloquent Fifth Symphony;
he accepted the environment of his destiny- took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise.
here, Prokofieff became a workman in the vineyards of Socialism- producing music for the masses.
here, this happy, roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world.
his counterpoint is pertinent, skillful, and rarely thick.
his creative development of melodic designs of Slavic dance tunes and love songs is captivating: witty, clever, adroit, and subtle.
his fellow-countryman, Igor Stravinsky, certainly did not.
his life-long friend, Serge Koussevitzky, gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston, New York, and Washington, D& C&, to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation.
his sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable.
how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism.
how right he was;
however, in all of Prokofieff's music, young or mature, we find his profile- his" signature"- his craftsman's attitude.
in orchestration, he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color.
in the exciting salons of his lovely, brilliant Paris- mistress of gaiety- excess and abandon- world theatre of new-found freedoms in tone, color, dance, design, and thought.
in the spacious hunting grounds of" Uncle Sam";
in this changed world, Prokofieff settled to find himself, and to create for large national purpose.
in this world-wide conscription of men, minds, and machines, Prokofieff was recalled to his native land.
it is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff emerges.
meanwhile, three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing.
need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and instability.
nevertheless, Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties: the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated- the < chic > Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America- the < avant-garde > Paris of Diaghileff, Stravinsky, Koussevitzky, Cocteau, Picasso- the < laissez-faire > Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art- the Paris < sympathique > which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms.
nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better, or even as well, under different circumstances.
of course, these works are not comparable, even though the same brain conceived them.
one might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer, especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous.
or the < Love for Three Oranges > ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful, imaginative, colorful, and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet, < The Stone Flower >.
so Prokofieff was able to cultivate his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them.
so young Prokofieff was the darling of success: in his motherland;
some musicians were enthusiastic, some skeptical.
that Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears, may or may not indicate that he was less of an" original" than we prefer to believe.
the answer is," Yes"!
the early works were conceived for a sophisticated, international audience;
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens.
the world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty, and the outraged, freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission.
this is precisely what makes lucid, straightforward music so difficult to compose- the clarity must be new, not old".
this masterpiece has gaiety, too, but it is the gaiety of dancing people: earthy, salty and humorous.
we attended the premieres of his concertos, symphonies, and suites;
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities.
we studied, taught, and performed his piano sonatas, chamber music, gavottes, and marches;
we unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth-Century Composers.
when Prokofieff forged his new clarity of" lucid, straightforward music, so difficult to compose", he shaped his talents to his purpose.
why did Prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity, while Stravinsky ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness?
yet was never caught up in it- never a slave to its academic dialectics.
" I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him;
" as for materials, I use the best available.
" if I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition, I mean to project equal concern for color.
" in addition to the usual tools, I make constant use of cleansing tissue, not only to wipe my brushes, but to mop up certain areas, to soften edges, and to open up lights in dark washes.
" my brushes are different from those used by most watercolorists, for I combine the sable and the bristle.
" my usual palette consists of top-quality colors: alizarin crimson, orange, raw sienna, raw umber, burnt sienna, sepia, cerulean blue, cobalt blue, French ultramarine blue, Winsor green, Hooker's green @2, cadmium yellow pale, yellow ochre, Payne's gray, charcoal gray, Davy's gray, and ivory black".
" speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness, but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution, he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition.
" when working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form freehand to the watercolor sheet with charcoal.
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio.
I have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers, but prefer an English make, rough surface, in 400-pound weight.
I work on a watercolor easel in the field, and frequently resort to a large garden umbrella to protect my eyes from undue strain.
a middle distance often containing the major motif;
after all, we did pretty well in some other areas of the Olympics competition.
after selecting a sheet and inspecting it for flaws ( even the best sometimes has foreign ' nubbins ' on its surface ), I sponge it thoroughly on both sides with clean, cold water.
and a background, usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky.
and a very large, flat wash brush.
and how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes, and how appropriate that he should appear in AMERICAN ARTIST again, in his natal month of March!
and is the sport really important?
and others in Buffalo, New York, Chautauqua, New Haven, Rochester, Rockport, and most recently, the $300 prize for a watercolor at the Laguna Beach Art Association, He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930 ), and elevated to Academicianship in 1940.
as a result, such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him.
but why gymnastics at all?
by dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way, Roy Mason has found a particular niche in American landscape art.
for me, these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage, though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose.
from this point, I paint in as direct a manner as possible, by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage.
he does not insist on telling all he knows about any given subject;
his pictures generalize, though they are inspired by a particular locale;
however, first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described.
if the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design, often only slightly, finer pictures would result.
in analyzing the watercolors of Roy Mason, the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness, yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here.
in following this general principle, Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background, and the illusion of depth is instantly created.
in my studio I work at a tilt-top table, but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes.
it is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment.
just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting, unless the position serves the design of the whole composition.
living with his watercolors is a vicarious experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive interpretor, a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all.
long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes: a foreground in sharp focus- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights;
often, in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere, a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright, too dull, or too light, or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat.
other memberships include the American Watercolor Society, Philadelphia Water Color Club, Allied Artists of America, Audubon Artists, Baltimore Watercolor Society.
our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance.
out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees, logs, and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position, which I call ' clicking '.
over the years, beginning in 1929, Mason has been awarded seventeen major prizes including two gold medals;
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory, his imagination, his nostalgia.
the Blair Purchase Prize for watercolor, Art Institute of Chicago;
the Joseph Pennell Memorial Medal;
the Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason- they were better.
the Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics.
the artist was born in Gilbert Mills, New York, in 1886, and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California, he lived in western New York, in Batavia.
the bristles are a Fitch @2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge.
the great absorbency of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the watercolorist.
the longer I work, the more I am sure that for me, at least, a workmanlike method is important.
the red sables are @8;
then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board.
then I plan my attack: the parts I will finish first, the range of values, the accenting of minor details- all in all, mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispness.
they universalize in terms of weather, skies, earth, and people.
they were better trained, better looking, better built, better disciplined **h and something else- < they were better dancers >.
trial and error are better placed in the preliminary sketch than in hoping for miracles in the final painting.
true, a Mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory.
two American Watercolor Society prizes;
two Ranger Fund purchase awards;
two riggers, @6 and @10;
unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention, this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate.
when I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th, I realized that Roy was born under the right zodiacal sign for a watercolorist: the water sign of Pisces ( February 18-March 20 ).
when painting, Mason's physical eyes are half-closed, while his mind's eye is wide open, and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey.
when this linear draft is completed, I dust it down to a faint image.
when this occurs, I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor- if I have been working on a full sheet in the field.
#BACK CIRCLE# To further increase back flexibility, work on the back circle.
#BACKBENDS# The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics, and, as with all acrobatics, the sooner begun the better the results.
#HANDSTANDS# Handstands come after arms, chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength.
#SOMERSAULTS# The last essential to the beginner's gymnastic program is the somersault, or forward roll.
#ULTRAVIOLET MICROSCOPY# Many cells, bacteria, and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation.
EVERY taxpayer is well aware of the vast size of our annual defense budget and most of our readers also realize that a large portion of these expenditures go for military electronics.
a completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a color- TV system to view the results.
after it has been seen, have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin, inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ).
and dancing school, so helpful in artistic and psychological development, also contributes to this essential early training- and can contribute even more.
arch the back upwards to make a bridge.
as flexibility improves, the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher.
at first each child should do a kick up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone, and those who need help.
at the peak of the arch, tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head.
bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper.
be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time.
be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling.
by combining the talents of a medical man, Dr& Aterman, a biophysicist, Mr& Berkely, and an electronics expert, Dr& Zworykin, this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes.
by lifting the seat upwards a little, the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept rounded.
care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible.
commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction, along with radiation counters, timers, and similar devices.
drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back.
electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine, the electrocardiograph, and the diathermy machine.
even if gymnastics are not the ultimate goal, the good tumbler will be a better dancer, a better athlete, and a human being with a greater margin of safety in any activity.
eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg.
fig& 1 is a simplified block diagram of the ultraviolet microscopy system developed at the Medical Electronics Center of Rockefeller Institute.
five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push- < up >.
for most small children, learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can.
from the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research.
have the class lie prone.
have the class lie supine with knees apart and bent.
he places the hands on either side of the head, keeping the chin down on the chest.
he then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over.
if, however, the child is weak, overweight, or afraid, more help will be needed.
improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head.
in this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates.
it is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative.
keep the legs straight and the toes pointed.
later this can be combined with the handstand to provide a walkover.
let the body down slowly, taking at least five seconds for the letting < down >.
of course those who have developed more will find them easier.
one or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo.
place flat palms on either side of the head a few inches away from the ears, < fingers pointing toward the shoulders >.
place the hands in front of the chest.
recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep massage of bruises, contusions, and simple bursitis.
return to the standing position.
some are actually incapable of rolling forward and are completely confused when not sitting or standing upright.
start with the class standing in a circle, with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle.
straighten the arms slowly, this arches the back.
the author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that, in this area alone, the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities.
the benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery.
the child should then bring both legs together overhead, point the toes and tighten the seat muscles.
the host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality.
the left will follow at once.
the right will land first, followed by the left.
then no matter what happens, the child's performance will be controlled.
these are beginnings, but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong, flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ).
this stain often disrupts the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside.
this used to be part of every child's bag of tricks, but few children can do it today;
this will prevent flat falls and toe injuries.
three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources.
we have noted how some electronic techniques, developed for the defense effort, have evenutally been used in commerce and industry.
we use the term" bio-medicine" because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research.
when the child raises his seat into the air, the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis;
when we consider the electronic industry potential for human betterment, the prospect is staggering.
#FERMENT OF SCIENTIFIC ACTIVITY# HAN 'S STUDENT DAYS were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France, Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent.
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty, gained a new truth, or banished a previous error".
Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted's disposal during and after his graduation.
OERSTED' S boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life.
Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks, continuing their correspondence after he left.
Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut de France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs.
Oldenburg's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned, such as the pastor, to supplement the simple teaching.
Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it.
Ritter proceeded," You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820, you will have to reckon.
a cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in Fig& 8 with the various parts labeled.
arteries and veins are apparent by their black, blood-filled centers and the surrounding white walls.
as everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have invented, I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in Copenhagen I used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me".
as mentioned before, bone reflects the sound energy and in Fig& 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center.
at 12, Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop, which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science.
by submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on, they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck, as shown in Fig& 7, as well as many other hitherto impossible insights.
drs& Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results.
during Oersted's attendance at the university, it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences.
eager as he was to pursue this promising line, he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to" galvanizing".
from Go^ttingen ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days, he wrote," The first question asked everywhere is about galvanism.
from the town surveyor, Hans learned drawing and mathematics and, from a university student, some academic subjects.
he also met Count Rumford ( born Benjamin Thompson in Woburn, Mass& ) who was then serving the Elector of Bavaria, and the physicist Ritter;
he assumed his academic career with the same intensity and thoroughness that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood.
he completed his training in pharmacy also, taking his degree with high honors in 1797, and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine.
he openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science.
he proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices.
he related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries.
he was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14, 1777.
he was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis.
he was, however, fortunate in his contact with Prof& J& G& L& Manthey ( 1769-1842 ), teacher of chemistry, who, in addition to his academic chair, was also proprietor of the" Lion Pharmacy" in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him.
his broad interest in literary, political, and philosophical movements opened many doors to him.
his earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life.
his father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family, let alone educate them in a town without even a school.
his friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong.
his interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated.
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish.
however, he continued experimenting and lecturing, publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals.
in 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen ( founded in 1479 ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to matriculate for the autumn session.
in 1800, Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the Lion Pharmacy.
in 1803 Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist.
in 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University, though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817.
in Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris, 1813 ) under the title < Recherches sur l' identite des forces chimiques et electriques, > a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists.
in February 1801, Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead.
in May, 1803, Ritter, in another flight of fancy, wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy.
in the following year, 1803, Oersted, simultaneously with Davy, discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts.
in this third year at the university, Hans, in 1797, was awarded the first important token of recognition, a gold medal for his essay on" Limits of Poetry and Prose".
other brothers later joined them for instruction with Oldenburg, the wigmaker, and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading, German, and Danish in the informal curriculum.
so impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote," to be perfectly free, the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination;
the brothers continued to help each other during their studies, sharing a joint purse, lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt.
the following year he devoted to the customary" Wanderjahr", traveling in Germany, France, and the Netherlands, meeting the philosophers Schelling, Fichte, and Tieck.
the mayor of the town taught them English and French.
the new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university.
the sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him.
the two older boys, Hans and Anders, his junior by a year, therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly wigmaker nearby for instruction in German;
the university was the only one in Denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level.
the years 1812 and 1813 saw him in Germany and France again, but on this visit to Berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey.
there is a struggle there, in which, if he falls, it is easy for him to rise again, there is freedom of utterance there, which draws after it no irreparable consequences on society **h.
these were Oersted's main contacts in science.
they read every book that they could borrow in the village.
they supplemented their income by small government assistance, by tutoring and economizing wherever they could.
this we might well witness".
thus, 1745 corresponded to the invention of the" Leiden" jar by Kleist, 1764 that of the electrophorus by Wilcke, 1782 produced the condenser of Volta, and 1801 the voltaic pile.
whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other;
while Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine, physics, and astronomy, his brother studied law.
with Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Bacterial and fungal enzymes.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Calcium and sodium lactate _WHAT IT DOES:_ Prevents and treats acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Diethylstilbestrol _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Dried rumen bacteria _WHAT IT DOES:_ Stimulates rumen activity.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Dynafac _WHAT IT DOES:_ An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed, in improving feed conversion and growth, in reducing bloat and founder, and in controlling scours.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Hydroxazine hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Iodinated casein _WHAT IT DOES:_ Drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Methyl polysiloxanes _WHAT IT DOES:_ Aids in preventing foamy bloat.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Phenothiazine _WHAT IT DOES:_ Reduces losses from stomach, hookworm, and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Procaine penicillin _WHAT IT DOES:_ Aids in reducing the incidence and severity of bloat in beef or dairy cattle on legume pasture.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Promazine hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating, shipping, weaning calves, and excessive handling.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Ronnel _WHAT IT DOES:_ Effectively controls cattle grubs which damage hides and can reduce gains.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Sodium propionate _WHAT IT DOES:_ For the prevention or treatment of acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows.
#DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Sulfaquinoxaline _WHAT IT DOES:_ Helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs.
( 2 ) Mechanized bunks- they sit within the feed lot, are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface;
( these enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis, Apergillus orzae, Niger, and Flavus.
) _WHAT IT DOES:_ Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ).
_CAUTION:_ Additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered.
_CAUTION:_ Continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows.
_CAUTION:_ Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs.
_CAUTION:_ Discontinue medication 48 hours before slaughter.
_CAUTION:_ Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter.
_FEEDER CATTLE_- .0044% Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent.
_HOW TO FEED: BEEF AND DAIRY CALVES_- 0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth, feed conversion, bloom, and full feed earlier.
_HOW TO FEED: BEEF CATTLE_- 10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily.
_HOW TO FEED: LAMBS_- feed at .05% level for 2 or 3 days.
_HOW TO FEED:_ 1 to 1-1 grams per 100 pounds of body weight.
_HOW TO FEED:_ At the rate of 2-1 milligrams per head per day.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Feed 75,000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily.
_HOW TO FEED:_ For prevention of foamy bloat, feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed.
_HOW TO FEED:_ For prevention of ketosis, feed 1 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time.
_HOW TO FEED:_ For the prevention of acetonemia ( ketosis ) feed 1 pound per day beginning at calving and continuing for 6 weeks.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding low-moisture corn in beef-feeding programs.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Not less than .75 milligram but not more than 1.25 milligrams of additive per pound of body weight.
_HOW TO FEED:_ Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal.
_SHEEP AND LAMBS_- 1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth, feed conversion, and getting lambs on full feed earlier.
_SHEEP FATTENING RATIONS_- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily, and this level should be maintained.
aids in minimizing the occurrence of feed-lot bloat due to high consumption of concentrates.
also, aids in the control of horn flies by preventing them from hatching in the droppings.
animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams Dynafac ).
beef calves- .5 to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal.
fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production and butterfat percentage.
follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully.
following single-dose treatment, milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment.
for continuous control, feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts.
for the treatment of ketosis feed 1 to 1 pound per day for 10 days.
for treatment of bloat, drug is fed at a higher level.
for treatment of ketosis, feed 1 pound daily until symptoms disappear.
include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day.
it may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from 1.0 to 1.5 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per pound of feed.
several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers.
the drug is also incorporated in supplements.
the recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained.
then, feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after calving.
then, for the above parasites, feed continuously at these levels: feeder cattle- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily;
there are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle: ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons;
these are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily.
this may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration- assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily.
to include in feed, add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily.
to reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep, feed 80 milligrams per head daily.
treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal.
treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds;
" hip-pocket" tactics are going to be harder to apply.
" selective selling"- concentrating sales on the larger accounts- has been used effectively by some manufacturers.
#3.
PROBLEMS IN MARKETING MANAGEMENT# _@ SHORTAGE OF SKILLED SALESMEN._ There is a shortage of salesmen today.
_@ COMPLEXITY OF COMPLETE MARKETING PLANNING._ Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning.
_@ HIGHER COSTS OF ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION._ From the manufacturer's point of view, the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties.
_@ HIGHER COSTS OF DISTRIBUTION GENERALLY._ Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure, some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes.
_@ INCREASING TEMPO OF NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT._ Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon.
_@ SHORTAGE OF SALES MANAGEMENT TALENT._ With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition, sales management, whether at the district, region or headquarters level, is a tough job today- and it will be tougher in the future.
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance?
are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing team?
are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company?
are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization;
are there regular communications from the field, or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with R+D people?
are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers?
are you following competition willy-nilly- trying to match dollar for dollar- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers?
as a result, distribution costs were cut, customer relations improved.
as markets become larger and marketing more complex, the costs of an error become progressively larger.
computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels.
distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job.
do you have a long-term ( 5- or 10-yr& ) marketing program?
do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully- and with some imagination?
does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term?
does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people?
has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yr&?
have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively )?
have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program- from the standpoint of effort, money, and effectiveness?
how much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program?
if companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they provoke, then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade.
if competition beats you to it, this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store.
in one company covering the country with a high-quality sales force of 10 men, the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos&.
in the future, quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy, and the qualitative need will be greater still.
in your sales force, will a smaller number of higher-priced, high-quality salesmen serve you best, or can you make out better with a larger number of lower-paid salesmen?
is your R+D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market?
it is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods, and private label competition.
it is true that most architectural schools have five year courses, some even have six or more.
many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis.
men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work.
most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements.
nor has the training been enough in relation to the need.
on the other hand, the process of obsoleting an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive.
ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables, workshops or panel discussions- whatever they are called- on this subject will recognize that the final, boiled down crux of the matter is education.
solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems, whether they be in the market, in marketing methods or in marketing management.
the American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course.
the architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that, therefore, the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building.
the controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion.
the element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural certification, however, would demand a prolonged study of structure.
the growth of business has outdistanced the available supply, and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties.
the key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company 's marketing problems realistically.
the real question that follows is- how are those four years used and what is their value as training?
the use of bulk handling is continuously growing.
there may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain.
they have to be.
this would, naturally, lengthen their courses far beyond the largely esthetic demands of interior designer's training.
we find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are short-changing planning.
we have seen good new products shelved because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and plans- and management could n't make up its mind.
we may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject.
while many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel, much of it has been product rather than sales training.
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume, production, and distribution costs;
will you be out in the market place with some of these sales-building new products?
will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share?
with greater investments in plant facilities, with automation growing, you can n't switch around, either in volume or in product design, as much as was formerly possible- or at least not as economically.
{ no manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved }.
{ technical knowledge is a wonderful thing, but it 's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register }.
#GENERAL# How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program?
#HOLIDAYS, TIME OFF, OVERTIME# Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday?
#INSURANCE# Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them?
#PLANT FEEDING FACILITIES# Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees?
#RECREATION FACILITIES# Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program?
#TRANSPORTATION AND PARKING# Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots?
are there other, cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted?
are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs?
are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits?
are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized?
are you carefully policing wash-up time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive?
are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees?
are you underwriting expensive team trips?
are you using the most economical printing methods, paper, etc&.
are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions?
are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program?
are you watching work schedules for boiler operators, guards, and other 24-hour-day, 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime?
can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities?
can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money, such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation?
can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs?
could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds?
do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities?
do you measure its relation to reduced absenteeism, turnover, accidents, and grievances, and to improved quality and output?
do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and industrial patterns?
do you try to maintain the principle of employee-contributed ( as opposed to fully company-paid ) programs?
for proper accreditation of schools, teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate.
has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free" government" work in your plant?
have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation?
have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs?
have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution?
have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding operation?
have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week?
have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and, consequently, increased productivity?
have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums?
have you set specific objectives for your employee publication?
if you provide inter-plant transportation, can this be replaced by available public transportation?
if you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors, would taxis be cheaper?
if you use parking attendants, can they be replaced by automatic parking gates?
in spite of this, many universities offer adequate and even distinguished courses in the subject.
indeed, it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all.
independent art schools granting degrees must, naturally, follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group.
is it larger or fancier than you really need?
is it reaching these goals?
is your purchasing agent offering too much free-buying service for employees?
it has been the custom for most universities to stretch the blanket of accreditation for their liberal arts school to cover the shivering body of their fine arts department.
it is a sort of academic ring-around-a rosy and you solve it.
most professors in the course must, naturally, again have a higher degree than the course offers.
one solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute.
one technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
only the independent art schools, that is, those not connected with any university or college, receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations.
since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed.
the basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree.
the question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
there will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools, whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation- as do medical schools- by an art accreditation group such as the" National Association of Schools of Art".
this brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general.
this, plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department, yet, nevertheless, claiming that they teach interior design, has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design.
what are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations?
what effort do you make to assess results of your program?
when did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources?
when improvements are recommended in working conditions- such as lighting, rest rooms, eating facilities, air-conditioning- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity?
when negotiating with your union, do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their cents-per-hour cost in wages.
will your local bus company erect and maintain the bus stops at your plant?
would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety?
would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs?
#EATING FACILITIES# Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias.
#HOLIDAYS# Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working.
#VACATIONS# Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks.
Joseph Horne, Pittsburgh.
SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans.
SAAMI's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education.
THE LONG and ever-increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era.
Teen Hunter Clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied Merchandising Corporation.
a non-contributory plan usually will n't pay off for the worker until he retires.
also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation.
and due to modern resource-use and game management practices, there is still game to shoot, even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and water.
and millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition, designed for today 's hunting and target shooting.
and they can at least collect the money they put in, plus interest, when they leave the company.
and with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates.
as the generations move on, clothes become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports.
but with all the changes in philosophy, dress and terrain- a few things remain constant, including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports, hunting and fishing.
but with the exception of professional athletes, few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average American man or woman.
check your cafeteria location to make sure it 's convenient for most employees.
close to two million game birds were harvested on 1,500 commercial and private shooting preserves, and on State Game Commission-controlled upland game areas during the 1960-61 season.
consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant.
considering that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths, the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach.
following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by OEP director Dr& Julian Smith, today thousands of secondary schools, colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs.
following the kick-off of SAAMI 's shooting development program in 1954, a most interesting meeting took place in Washington, D& C&.
for example, the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday.
help is needed from dealers, at the grass-roots level.
if a concessionaire runs the cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price.
if the soup tastes like dishwater, your employees will n't blame the concessionaire.
in 1959 SAAMI 's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports.
it 's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods.
j& L& Hudson, Detroit;
just as modern transportation has outmoded the early Studebaker covered wagon, the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment.
latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices, and at a profit to you.
modern times have changed the world beyond recognition.
other THC activities followed, conducted by shopping centers, department stores, recreation equipment dealers, radio- TV stations, newspapers, and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources.
other pilot programs were conducted by A + S, Babylon, New York;
personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops, at which hundreds of school administrators, teachers, professors, and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education.
present conservation practices regard wildlife, not as an expendable natural resource, but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped.
require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay.
since SAAMI's conception in 1926, and more specifically since the adoption of the Shooting Development Program in 1954, millions of dollars and promotional man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults.
sporting firearms change, markedly for the better.
the American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders, extremely accurate bolt, lever, and slide action firearms.
the American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association.
the Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact, so often overlooked, that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life.
the continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the ever-growing need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand.
the early years of the twentieth century seem very far away.
the first program was sponsored by Abraham + Strauss, Hempstead, New York, under the direction of Special Events director Jennings Dennis.
the group known as the American Association for Health, Physical Education, and Recreation ( a division of the National Education Association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National Rifle Association, SAAMI and the American Fishing Tackle Manufacturers.
the most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves.
the shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines, many national weeklies and the trade papers.
the various team sports assuredly have their place in every school, and they are important to proper physical development.
these include: leaves of absences, illnesses, and layoffs.
this cuts the absentee rate.
this has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program, the New York staff of the Sportsmen's Service Bureau, and the SAAMI shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954.
this meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project.
this program is now nationally known as" Teen Hunter Clubs".
this reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups.
this will cut the expense of vacation replacements.
through the efforts of SAAMI 's shooting development program these shooting activities, and many others, including assists in the development of public and privately financed shooting parks, trap and skeet leagues, rifle and pistol marksmanship programs have been promoted, to mention only a few.
thus, there is an added incentive to stay on the job.
unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states, on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern game-management ) for five and six months each year.
while individual sportsmen are aware of this situation, too many of our political, social, educational and even religious leaders too often forget it.
you 'll take the rap.
you may save valuable production minutes with a change.
you might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year.
" we do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ', who are specialists in one particular technical subject.
#FIRST: WHAT TITLE, WHAT SETUP?# Among the more familiar plans for dual-channel advancement is that of General Electric.
Harold E& Strang, expert in switchgear design, for a long period vp + gm of the Measurements + Industrial Products Division, and who currently, approaching retirement, is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear + Control Division.
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough.
_ANOTHER STRUCTURE_" We have tried to make both paths attractive, so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either.
_SENIOR STAFF ENGINEER?_ One company instituted, early in 1959, a vertical classification system consisting of four levels.
_TOP JOB: RESEARCH SCIENTIST_" Approximately four years ago, we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons **h The highest position is known as a ' research scientist '.
a separate research department is, of course, confined to new or future designs.
all grades of management seek more resounding titles and incomes because of social pressures.
also, moving into a managerial position does not necessarily end a man's recognition as a technical expert.
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions.
and much more commonly in recent years, the engineer who found that other duties interfered with- or eliminated- his engineering contributions.
another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is, as one man says it:" **h that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach".
as examples at GE: Glen B& Warren, formerly manager of the Turbine Division, widely recognized as a turbine designer.
as several recent books have over-emphasized, { we have become the most status-conscious nation in the world.
even the college professor in America has been affected.
forcing them into management can only create trouble.
further, the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path.
he is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside;
in the GE plan, a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers.
in the paragraphs that follow, we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page.
it is common to shift back and forth, working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions.
it is, as one engineer says," indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills.
labor fights to change its collar from blue to white.
many companies have systems, particularly in R + D, which work more or less well, depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration, as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations.
nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers.
one way to formalize this is in the job structure.
part of this headquarters staff, however, are engineering managers who work between divisional chief engineers and headquarters management.
several other examples: _CENTRAL AND SATELLITE_" We have over 20 divisions- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer.
so we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the" dual-road-up" problem- and more importantly- their solutions.
the company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for non-supervisory engineers, but probably not into executive levels.
the expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level, with very few coming from the first level.
the late W& R& G& Baker, a pioneer in television design and long-time vp + gm of the Electronics Division, and later, by his own choice, an individual consultant.
the old shop adage still holds:" a good mechanic is usually a bad boss".
the only ' fellows ' in our company are those who have been honored by ASME, AIEE or AIChE **h I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist- because of his wider accountability".
the primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves, and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society.
the remedies have been many and varied- attempts to teach management techniques- either in plant, at special schools, or in university" crash" courses- provision of management-trained assistants or associates.
the scientist who rebelled against the personnel and paper work;
the second level, senior engineer, rates slightly below first-level supervision.
the top non-supervisory level, senior staff engineer, enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision.
there is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks;
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward.
these headquarters engineers, headed by the vice-president- Engineering, counsel and advise divisional managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design;
these men are considered managers of engineers.
these positions carry such titles as: consultant- Advanced Development Consulting Engineer Consulting Engineer- Heat Transfer Consulting Electrical Engineer Senior Electrical Engineer Senior Physicist Westinghouse has a similar system, with two classifications representing various levels of competence on the strictly technical side: consulting engineer or scientist, as the case may be, and advisory engineer or scientist.
they must learn to wear several hats, so to speak, working with management, sales and engineering problems related to the product.
this approach has not been entirely satisfactory.
this difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course.
this leads one to conclude, as you have, that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people".
usually concerned about America's belief that attainment and success are measured in dollars and titles.
we have a few ' consultants '- retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems.
we have set up a central R + D department, as well as engineering-management departments- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants.
we have these positions, which compare directly: **f" Above these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of Engrg, R + D. the latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side **h { We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management, but I believe we will trend in this direction } **h but not to exceed vice-president".
yet our economy clings inexorably to recognition of managerial status as the gage of success.
yet titles are traditionally given only to management men, and income tends to rise with title.
{ but the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer.
{ in this organization, about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision, engineering or elsewhere.
{ there have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work, to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss.
{ this is not a mutually exclusive plan;
} actually, there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide" services" operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities.
} some men have no talent for or interest in management;
} this has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology.
} this reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products- which are not military.
} { what can be done for the" individual contributor" } who is extremely important- and likely to be more so- in the operation of the technically oriented company?
#FUTURE PLANS# What does Tri-State actually want to do, now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the" patent applied for" stage?
#INITIAL CONSIDERATIONS# The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles, as well as personalities that might be affected.
@ If a lot of rust shows in the drain, use a good flushing cleaner.
@ Next, run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens, and then look for leaks again.
@ Now, check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections, around the freeze-out plugs, gaskets, water pump seals and heater fittings.
@ Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor.
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years.
EVERY YEAR about this time National Gargle Your Cooling System week rolls around.
Ritter, the builder, is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and meters.
a big mechanical ditcher was running the trenches, and the town building inspector was paying a friendly, if curious, visit.
a primary ingredient in these fields is imagination, and Tri-State Pipeline Corporation deserves a very good mark.
again, the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best.
avoid doubling up on the same item.
be careful that you keep adequate coverage, but look for places to save money.
be sure the bugs and dirt are blown out of the radiator fins.
but in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple.
but it 's too early yet to go visit Oakwood Heights.
check its inhibitor effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer.
check the temperature gage and be sure it is working.
do it this way for the summer gargle: @ First, drain that old coolant down the storm sewer.
do n't save the anti-freeze, even if it the expensive" permanent" type.
first go over the type of coverage you now have.
for a few details of the system **h the lines are 1-1 ' < X-Tru-Coat, > a product of Republic Steel Corp&, and all lines are welded.
for example, do n't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy.
for example, the officials of Poughkeepsie town ( township ) where the project is located think highly of it because it simplifies their snow clearing problem.
for this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor.
have a talk with your insurance agent.
he believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available.
if you run into excess plug fouling on one truck, check to be sure that the rig has a thermostat.
if you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as" Dowguard" be sure to check it.
it may also work in one other way- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters, letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities.
it pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works.
it wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects, by financing and installing the storage, piping and meters, and leasing these for 15 years, with renewal options, to a strong oil company.
it will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour.
it would be pretty difficult to install a Tri-State system in old neighborhoods, and that 's an understatement.
its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read, even into tenth gallons.
look for these features which may mean you can save: @ Duplicate coverage.
of course, you 'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators.
only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on June 8th;
others were building.
pitch it out.
several financial institutions, both banks and insurance companies, have been sounded out.
spring and summer may be here officially, but those thermos stay in.
take precautions now, to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer.
the Government housing agencies consider it feasible with one special stipulation.
the Public Service Commission has ruled that this is not a public utility, subject to their many regulations.
the big tanks were at the site but still sunning themselves.
the central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short crescent swing, with fewer trucks in the residential streets.
the fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle, will greatly increase the fuel consumption, reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators.
the job of getting property easements and street easements and the acre for the tanks would become pretty discouraging.
the major gets the assured gallonage for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low.
the meter is mounted high on the basement wall.
the oilheating industry is looking up, led by a revival of research and development.
the rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year, and you do n't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean.
the thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly, and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant.
the word means it will n't boil away easily, nothing else.
there 's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage, not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut.
there must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil **h an obvious precaution, since the account is permanently wedded, just like with gas or electricity.
they are laid a minimum of 24' ' deep and in some areas four feet down, particularly under roads, to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking.
they like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term leases by strong oil companies.
this whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers, for the idea has so often been mentioned, somewhat wistfully.
use the air hose for this job.
{ are you paying too much } for your truck insurance?
{ do n't let your mechanics } pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours.
#CHANGEABLE LETTERS FILL MANY NEEDS# Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field- changeable signs.
#NEW RULE NO& 2: DON 'T BUILD FROM THE OUTSIDE IN- TRY TO BUILD FROM THE INSIDE OUT# Do n't insert your components into fixed openings, they may or may not fit;
#NEW RULE NO& 3 RETHINK EVERYTHING TO GET ALL THE BIG SAVINGS THE REVOLUTION IN MATERIALS HANDLING OFFERS YOU# This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all, because **h _1._ It makes it easy to handle much heavier units, so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside.
Wagner Sign Service Inc&, Chicago, for example, supplies them in several colors, in heights of 4, 6, 8, 10, and 17 inches.
_2._ It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lower today than in 1929.
_3._ It changes the answers to" Who should do what, and where"?
also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars, extruded of transparent acrylic material, which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material.
also, the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign.
and trailer makers, those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders, say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out.
as used by Industrial Electric Inc&, the film panels are printed one at a time, as are 24-sheet posters.
comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections, it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit.
do n't close in your house until everything has been carried in.
do n't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional construction;
do n't try to wrestle a 400- lb tub **f through a narrow doorway.
finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in.
finish your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes ).
finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in& aluminum, which may be mounted to various surfaces.
for example, in a typical store installation, fifty 24-in& and six 36-in& red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background.
for example: do n't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances.
for large letters, < e&g& > thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate, there are other techniques.
for mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds, very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings, its ends twisted behind the panels.
frequently, the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products, price changes, etc&.
here are some of the newer items currently available: poster Products Inc&, Chicago, Ill&: a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors, onto which are mounted snap-in letters, figures, or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock.
ideal for merchandising use, they are weather-resistant, and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel.
in this way, the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign media.
install your disappearing stair ( or stairs ) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling.
it 's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place.
it is believed that these boards will, within the next few years, replace many of the conventional flood-lighted boards now in use.
joined side by side, such channels make possible construction of continuous two-dimensional luminous areas up to 50 ft& high and of unlimited width.
large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations.
last wall Bob Schmitt erects is the wall between the house and garage.
letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels, painted on the first surface, or handled in other ways.
letters molded of butyrate, available in several sizes in either red or black.
made in lengths from 3 to 10 ft&, the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered slots molded in back of the letters.
new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip.
no auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block.
on large-area units, where additional structural requirements are imposed, one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( < e&g& > right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate.
panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied.
position your components before you close them in.
recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic materials- a revolving spectacular sign.
set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom.
signs are meant to convey a message, and in most cases, this requires words and letters.
signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities, and others are on the way.
sixteen panels, each slightly more than 1-1 ft& wide, make up the 25-ft& length of the sign.
spare sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to another;
stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains.
still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by Merritt Products, Azusa, Calif&.
that way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof.
that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window.
the Adaptaplex Co&, Beaverton, Ore&;
the background, which is available in various widths and continuous lengths, is extruded with parallel undercut grooves which grip the flexible letters securely.
the copy itself, including any text or illustrations, is reproduced in full color directly on a thin Mylar polyester film by a photo screen process.
the fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb& each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters.
the film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign, and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required.
the huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters, in all shapes and sizes- and a number of companies are set up to supply them.
the sheets are extruded of Tenite butyrate by Jet Specialties Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&.
the triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec& of viewing time for each poster subject.
there is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished **f closet.
they are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate.
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts, or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces.
this vacuum formed sign is comprised of 27-in& ( or smaller ) panels formed of 0.080-in& clear butyrate sheet stock, masked and sprayed on the rear side.
thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces;
trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions.
you can save all that shimming time if you set your windows in one, two, three order- first the stud on one side, then the window, then the stud on the other side.
a little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits.
a valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except Portugal, Spain, Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe.
after the first month, rates are considerably less, averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models.
all model cars are not available in all countries.
almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you.
an almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road.
and what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean?
and you do n't meet the folks from home in Northwest Spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages.
as in the United States, there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven, and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week.
at some cities, this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge, and, if you are budget-wise, when you are planning your itinerary, you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries.
following a guide, and gratefully so, is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new.
for one thing, the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road.
for those who need or want and can afford another car, buying one and driving it on the grand tour, then shipping it home, is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage.
for those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city, or even another country, when you are ready to return home.
further, there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car, and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip.
however, after you 've seen all the historical piazzas and plazas, the places and forums, the churches and museums, the palaces and castles, and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe, you 'll want to change your course and follow the by-roads at will, far from the market places.
if you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month, it might be wise for you to lease a car.
if you plan to visit any of these countries, you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee- around $3.00.
if you will be using your car more than fifteen days, which is n't all unlikely, the daily rates drop quite sharply to 86@ a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal 30@ a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon.
if you wish to budget closely on transportation, saving your extra dollars to indulge in luxuries, one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only $1.26 a day plus 3@ a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon, seating six, at just $1.10 a day and 10-1 a kilometer.
if you would feel happier with full collision insurance, there is a small additional charge, again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance.
if you would like to start your tour in Italy, where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe, Fiats in all sizes are available, as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models.
in the majority of countries, however, the rates range from $3.00 to $3.50 a day for the smaller sedans and graduate up to $7.00 and $8.00 a day for the larger, luxury European models, with the rate per kilometer driven starting at 3@ and going up as high as 12@.
international Touring Documents are usually provided with the car as are road maps and touring data.
it drops again after fifteen and twenty-one days.
it is n't as expensive as most people believe it to be.
it is that elemental.
it is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from 80@ to 90@ for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford, Chevrolet or even a Cadillac, which are available in some countries, it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty, thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon.
leasing a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in Europe, but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory.
quite naturally, there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country.
rates for American cars are somewhat higher, ranging from about $8.00 a day up to $14.00 a day for a Chevrolet Convertible, but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger European models.
rates in Greece and Finland are fairly high, actually the highest in Europe, and, surprisingly enough, they are also quite high in Ireland.
rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe.
since charges are relatively the same, reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it.
still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car.
the actual over-all cost, for the first month, will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time, but you will receive a new car.
the answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one.
the average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day.
the basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car, but some of them offer supplementary advantages.
the champagne at Troyes, the traditional capital of the champagne country, has more ambrosial taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the Rue de la Paix or at Tour d' Argent.
the charge is variable, however, and goes as low as 50@ a day in Ireland and as high as $2.00 a day in Greece.
the disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or, during the busy tourist season, when cars are in great demand, you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all.
the investigation will be well worth your time.
the same model car might be available in six or eight countries, yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven.
the variations are not too great.
the way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car.
then, of course, there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car.
then, too, European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them.
there are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available.
there are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan.
there is a fairly wide selection of models of English, German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7, Citroe^n 2 CV, Volkswagens, Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu.
there is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries, however, including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee is n't all that much greater than for the wee sedans.
there is the free intra-city" rent it here, leave it there" service, as an example, the free delivery and collection at the airport, dockside or your hotel, luggage racks, touring documents and information and other similar services.
they' ve been there since the days of the Moors and the Saracens.
time stands still as you climb the narrow, stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns, perched atop lofty crags, their faces turned to the sea.
with few exceptions, your car will be waiting for you at dockside, airport, railroad station or hotel when you arrive, oftentimes at no additional cost.
with six in the group, the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee.
with the exception of the sports cars, even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation.
you can call one of the car rental services directly ( Hertz, Avis, Auto-Europe Nationalcar Rental, and others ) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice, and some transportation lines offer this service as well.
you can relive history and follow, in fancy, the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi, an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot.
you can wait, of course, until you arrive in Europe before renting your car.
you will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner, which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe.
your choice of model will undoubtedly be governed by the number of people travelling in your group.
your insurance, too, with most agencies, is provided with the car, covering comprehensive fire, theft, liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries.
" however, evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources.
" use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind.
## It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the < John Harvey > could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront.
( this patient, in actuality, was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty.
) **h Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden, in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet, stammered when he spoke of his wife, which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship.
@ She was just another freighter from the States, and she seemed as commonplace as her name.
Bari was chosen as a depot, not only for its seeming safety, but because of its proximity to airfields.
I have been loath to believe that any nation, even our present enemies, could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons.
I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies".
a detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt& Howard D& Beckstrom went aboard, followed by Lt& Thomas H& Richardson, the Cargo Security Officer.
after it had reappeared the next two nights, Jenks went to higher headquarters and said:" for three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures.
almost everyone, on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape, expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again.
and everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster- multiple command.
any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne.
but the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist.
capt& A& B& Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried.
even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz, the commander who would conduct the" Little Blitz" on London in 1944, a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously.
for Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper.
for in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud, poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons.
hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth 29 on the mole.
he knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy.
his own communication apparatus operated superbly, and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted, monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr& Blauberman.
if anyone thought of the < John Harvey, > it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the < John Harvey > would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried.
influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns.
interestingly enough- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman- when groups of them began playing back interviews, they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques;
it was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German Me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit.
it was the night of December 2, 1943, and it was growing dark in Bari.
it would be made in three waves- the first to lay down a smokescreen, the second to drop the gas bombs, the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below.
more than that, Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector.
naturally, the patient does not say," I hate my father", or" Sibling rivalry is what bugs me".
no one else must know.
no, Bari was out of range.
on November 24th, they had made a raid on La Maddalena.
on the other hand significant facts may be concealed- < she > may mean < I >;
only a few other people- very important people- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks.
or < everybody >, as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before, may refer to a specific person.
secrecy was paramount.
she was the < John Harvey, > one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans, bombs, and bullets to the U&S& Fifteenth Air Force, to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943.
since the psychiatric interview, like any other interview, depends on communication, it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience.
so Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances, and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him.
so the vile cargo went into the hole of the < John Harvey >.
some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first.
some of the classic indicators, as described by Drs& Pittenger, Hockett, and Danehy in < The First Five Minutes >, are these: _AMBIGUITY OF PRONOUNS:_ Stammering or repetition of < I, you, he, she >, et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty.
telephone communication was bad.
the < John Harvey > arrived in Bari, a port on the Adriatic, on November 28th, making for Porto Nuovo, which, as the name indicates, was the ancient city's new and modern harbor.
the Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available.
the following month the invasion of Italy was begun, and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy.
the radar station with the best location was still not serviceable.
the word that is < not > used can be as important as the word that < is > used;
therapist and linguist must always consider the alternatives.
there were no R&A&F& fighter squadrons on Bari airfield.
they were always denied.
they' re just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic".
this country has not used them, and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them.
throughout the early years of World War 2,, reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas- Germany in Russia, Japan in China again.
thus, in the immemorial way- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari.
to silence extremists, to warn the Axis, President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August:" from time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare.
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen.
true, there had been raids on Naples- but Naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast.
two days later, some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie, sinking a troopship- and it had been that very night that the Me-210 had made its first appearance.
what he < does > do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved.
when someone says, for example," They took X rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me", it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made.
which was poison gas.
yet, in spite of this, intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that, in the first five minutes of an initial interview, the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him;
< John Bascom > went down early, too.
< a" mental image" subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought, or consciously in light sleep, is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities, viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream, but within the depths of the fourth dimension >.
< the basic mystery of dreams, which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream, is in the fact that they are original, visual continuities >.
Bishop rushed on deck to grab a 20 mm gun, pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One, Three and Five.
Emerson, in his lecture, refers to the" **h startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight, that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before, whether dreaming or waking, a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room, and heard precisely this dialogue, at some former hour, they know not when".
Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly, but they had no targets.
Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams, enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts.
I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence, so complete in detail, from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen.
I can n't tell when, but I 'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past"!
I recall the startling, vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town.
Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors.
Rudyard Kipling's scorn for the" jargon" of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered" **h how, or why, had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film"?
THERE IS a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you, wondering why you are staring, open-mouthed in amazement.
Vesole rushed from gun to gun, attempting to direct fire.
and when psychology explains glibly," but the subconscious mind is able to produce it" it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind.
as a matter of fact, the incorrect classification, the result of many weeks of labor by Dr& Hilprecht, was about to be published by him the following day.
as in the theory of perception, established in psycho-physiology, the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain.
as retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves, between the inner brain and the eyes, carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location.
at that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement, suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene, action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier.
but then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain.
but these are dreamed in original action, in some particular continuity which we do n't remember having seen in real life.
but why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain?
consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions.
dr& H& V& Hilprecht, Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania, dreamed that a Babylonian priest, associated with the king Kurigalzu, ( 1300 B&C& ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of Bel, gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic, and corrected an error in its identification.
dreams present many mysteries of telepathy, clairvoyance, prevision and retrovision.
dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components, including that weird feeling of < deja vue >, inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem.
every dream, and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought, is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available.
for instance, the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and, with photographic realism, sees Smith driving the car;
he was wounded, but fought on.
hereby, the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen, not the retinal image, the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers, motor tensions, associated word symbols, and consciousness.
however, readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams, should ponder over the following words in his < Interpretation Of Dreams, > Chapter 1,:" **h as a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case, and what is more, every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain **h nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams".
if the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical, through what medium does it extend?
if the photographically realistic continuity of dreams, however bizarre their combinations, denies that it is purely a composition of the brain, it must be compounded from views of diverse realities, although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life.
in most cases we recognize certain words, persons, animals or objects.
in this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually.
is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie?
it is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past, or the ever-existent past-fantasy future.
luckily, she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt.
modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy.
most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares, and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs.
most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the < deja vue ( already seen ) > illusion, just as they dismiss dream previsions as coincidences.
now the < Bascom > was mortally wounded.
occasionally there are examples of prevision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude.
one day Maeterlinck, coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream, detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified.
one day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left, his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone, clasping him by the arm, whispered," I want a word with you, please".
skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed, but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence.
so we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal, apparently momentary states of matter, successive one after another in consciousness, but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies.
space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions.
the body, senses and brain, in common with all matter, have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies.
the entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support.
the famous author tells us of the strange incident in < Something About Myself >.
the opening paragraph of the chapter titled < The Theory Of Representative Perception, > in the book < Philosophies Of Science > by Albert G& Ramsperger says," **h passed on to the brain, and there, by some unexplained process, it causes the mind to have a perception".
the order to abandon ship was given, but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks.
the question becomes," What is a dream"?
the senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency, whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible, inaudible and intactible to them.
there is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original, realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams.
this experience will have happened to many of you.
this theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness.
three seconds flat is the usual time, and the space is crossed by moderate mileage, while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events.
we know that the number of radio and television impulses, sound waves, ultra-violet rays, etc&, that may occupy the very same space, each solitary upon its own frequency, is infinite.
when a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream, we have an instance of < deja vue >, except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar.
when consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world, it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future, in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep.
whereas, it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car.
you explain," I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before.
" Lillian's bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much", said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds.
#BODY-BUILDING FOODS# Salads are served at least once a day.
#HOMEMADE BREAD# Mrs& Clark, as house manager, planned the menus and cared for the ordering.
#HOT, FRESHLY-GROUND CEREAL# The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years, though at one time that was all they ever served.
#NOURISHING MEALS# Mr& Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit, hot cereal, milk, honey, whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs.
#WHOLESOME SNACKS, NO CANDY# Since Mr& Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth, raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons.
Miss Colman hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables.
Miss Colman pours measures of whole wheat, oats, and soy beans and turns on the motor.
a mill stands in a room off the kitchen.
also, salt water fish is on the table once a week.
apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed.
at the beginning of the school year, the new students do n't eat the cereal right away, but within a short time they are eating it voraciously.
candy is not allowed.
dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed.
drinking with meals is also discouraged;
finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem.
following a talk by Mr& Clark at the New York State Natural Food Associates Convention, a man from the audience offered to ship his unsprayed apples to the school from Vermont.
for deserts, puddings and pies are each served once a week.
he never used to like any hot cereal, now that 's the only kind he wants.
hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility.
home-made sauerkraut is served once a week.
homemade of meat, bones and vegetables, it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins.
it is well liked by the children and faculty.
lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served.
maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds.
milk appears twice a day.
most come from the root cellar or from the freezer.
most other desserts are fruit in some form, fresh fruits once daily at least, sometimes at snack time.
mr& Clark's studies taught him that the only way to conserve the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour.
nothing is peeled.
occasionally, the children find steamed, whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call" buckshot".
on their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains, the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail.
once the grains are ground, vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week.
oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm.
organ meats such as beef and chicken liver, tongue and heart are planned once a week.
parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts, but no candy.
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables.
raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves.
she goes on about her work and listens for the completion of the grinding.
sometimes sprouted wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark," Lillian, did you put nuts in the bread today"?
sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways.
soup is often the important dish at supper.
sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey.
surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state.
the bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma.
the cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible.
the heavy meal comes in the middle of the day.
the school has received letters from parents asking," What happened to Johnny?
the school raises enough poultry, pigs, and beef cattle for most of their needs.
the source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues.
then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager.
there is one problem with the bread.
they learn to like these so well that it is n't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time.
they serve cracked wheat, oats or cornmeal.
they tasted good to him, so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey.
this and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking.
to solve the problem of the wheat grains spilling on the floor and getting underfoot, a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains.
today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread.
vegetables are served liberally.
very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged.
wheat-germ, brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce, meat loaves.
when the chance came, they first eliminated cold cereal once a week, then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day.
when they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal.
where can we get this cereal he likes so much"?
" ceilings" were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions.
( he 'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover.
) wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay, Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven, disregarding rain, snow and sleet in true postal tradition.
Bob Fogg did n't have today's advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems.
Concord learned to set its clocks by the rackety bark of the Whirlwind's exhaust overhead.
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station.
a great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers.
a sheep-lined leather flying suit, plus helmet, goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit.
also you can spell, without consulting a dictionary for every other word.
always troubled by poor circulation in his feet, he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting old-style felt farmer's boots with his sheepskin flying boots pulled over them.
are you one of these?
as daylight began to show through the frosty windows, Fogg would place a call to William A& Shaw at the U& S& Weather Station at Northfield, Vermont, for temperature and wind-velocity readings.
at Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated.
at a nod of his head they let go, turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream.
at the end of the calculated time he 'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable.
became" Yes, the first half hour is tough, but by then I 'm so numb I do n't notice it"!
but!
compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon.
day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route, until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country.
each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home.
everything must balance to the last penny.
here it is!
how am I going to live?
how did I get to be sixty-five so fast?
if so, are you saying," Where did the last few years go?
if so, you are of the old school.
it never seemed real;
it ticked over smoothly, idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen, and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St& John field.
later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E& Hartwell.
never seemed as if it could happen to you;
now!
often, threading through the overcast, he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling, skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken railroad.
oh sure!
once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg revved the engine and got the tail up.
one afternoon during a cold, powdery snowstorm, Fogg took off for Concord from the St& John field.
only to the other fellow.
out at the airport each morning, Fogg's skilled mechanic Caleb Marston would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar.
out of the blue comes talk of pension plans.
over the weeks, America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation.
plane radios were not yet available, and once in the air, Fogg flew his ship by compass, a good memory for landmarks as seen from above, and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation.
since Fogg's was a one-man, one-plane flying service, this meant that he would have to do both trips, flying alone 600 miles a day, under sub-freezing temperature conditions.
sixty-five years and you 've had it!
so, now what?
somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire.
sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog, but 85% of his trips were completed.
sometimes, on a return trip, the aviator would" go upstairs" high over the clouds.
still, it seems in the far future.
suddenly, one day, up it pops!
the airman's stock answer to" Were n't you cold"?
the dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips.
the flyer had his share of near-misses.
there he 'd take a compass heading, figure his air speed, and deduce that in a certain number of minutes he 'd be over the broad meadows of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him.
tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet.
usually back in Concord by noon, there was just time to get partially thawed out, refuel, and grab a bit of Mrs& Fogg's hot broth before starting the second trip.
we always thought we would die with our boots on.
what am I going to do?
what do I do now"?
when driving rain or mist socked in one valley, Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one, ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes.
where do I go from here?
yes, retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly.
you 've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way.
you are conscientious, hard working, honest, accurate, a good penman, and a stickler for a job well done, with no loose ends.
you never are late for work and seldom absent.
{ a}re you retiring now?
" to be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist- to produce where nothing was before- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power".
## { As for me, I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) } to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands.
## { I}t has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world.
## { Perhaps you would like to become a writer.
I can hear some of you folks protesting.
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that 's where it belongs.
I have n't got that kind of money".
I just do n't have time to do half the things I want to do now.
all living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity, if it is only to reproduce a form like their own.
also, there's scrap books, collecting newspaper pictures and clippings, or any items of interest to you.
an animal, bird or insect creates either a burrow, or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie.
but, it could happen, and it may happen to you.
do n't be discouraged!
do you yearn to make cakes and pies, or special cookies and candies?
ever since I was a child, I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing.
few new writers have their first story accepted, so they tell me.
good Luck!
how 's about mosaic tile, ceramics or similar arts and crafts?
how about a rock collection, or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors?
how about the art of cooking?
if you do decide to write, you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection.
in fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more.
in our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a Jules Verne come into actuality.
it 's getting interested in something that counts.
it certainly is n't mine.
it does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free.
it is in this one aspect, at least, that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator.
just let the rejection slips fall where they may, and keep on plugging, and finally you will make the grade.
keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet.
man's great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination.
maybe that's your forte.
not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.
not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms, but even more importantly, he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself.
outside of cutting your fingers, maybe you would come up with nothing at all, but then again, you might turn out some dandy little gadgets.
perhaps you could n't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood?
so far, the covers have never been off the boxes.
so in closing, fellow retired members, I advise you to make the most of each day, enjoy each one to the n 'th degree.
some make beautiful chairs, cabinets, chests, doll houses, etc&.
some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood.
some women get a real thrill out of housework.
the mature person is creative.
the vision of a Lord Tennyson expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of 1941.
then there 's always hobbies, collecting stamps, coins, timetables, salt and pepper shakers, elephants, dogs, dolls, shells, or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires?
then, take flowers.
there is always an open market for this sort of delicacy, in spite of low calorie diets, cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary.
they are many and varied.
they love to dust, scrub, polish, wax floors, move the furniture around from place to place, take down the curtains, put up new ones and have themselves a real ball.
this gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories, ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms.
this is just being a normal writer.
thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake, building a chicken coop, or producing a book, to founding a business, creating a League of Nations or, developing a mature character.
to one and all- Good Days ahead!
travel, if you can.
true!
we are creative, it seems, when we produce something which has not previously existed.
we recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes, acrobats, dancers, musicians and artists, developing many potentialities.
what does it mean to be creative, a term we hear with increasing frequency these days?
when we turn to Noah Webster we find him helpful as usual.
while man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process, he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability.
will it be short stories, fiction, nonfiction, biography, poetry, children's stories, or even a book if you are really ambitious?
you say," But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby.
{ a}n important criterion of maturity is creativity.
{ well!
} some people love to crack tile and it 's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time.
} this gives you a wide and varied choice.
" it reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself.
" the sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum", declares Dr& Mary Steichen Calderone, medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book, < Release From Sexual Tensions >.
## Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation.
**h It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves".
< such talk is seriously in error.
< the pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her, unconsciously, to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it >.
@ IN TRADITION and in poetry, the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony.
I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the" clean, healthful, free way of natural life in nudism", who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit.
WRITING in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures, titled < The Nude: a Study in Ideal Form, > Kenneth Clark declares:" **h The human body, as a nucleus, is rich in associations.
a final word.
a world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive, too".
and she begins to regard him as savage, bestial and unworthy.
at its most ecstatic moments, husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares.
attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions.
beyond a certain point, of course, no woman can be dominant- nature has seen to that.
both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax, and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid.
but marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved.
but there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed.
but today there are signs that these roles are being reversed.
differences were related to social, economic, and educational backgrounds.
everything else is closed away.
he can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost.
he is a target of ridicule to his wife, and often- since private affairs rarely remain private- to the outside world as well.
if the early approaches are wise, understanding and patient, the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older.
in a growing number of American homes, marriage counselors report, the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships.
in the past, it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive.
instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship.
it can, in fact, wreck a marriage.
it is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role.
it is she who decides the time, the place, the surroundings, and the frequency of the sexual act.
it is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics- not the husband.
now while he uses talk, caresses or requires caresses from her, his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire.
of course, there remain many" old-fashioned" marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy.
on the other hand, wifely supremacy demeans the husband, saps his self-respect, and robs him of his masculinity.
one is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected.
only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse.
or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period.
our society has" emancipated" the woman, giving her new independence and new authority.
perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions, attitudes, and emotions precipitated by the nude form.
ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride, both physically and psychologically.
such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had" never seen her entirely naked", while another woman, boasting an equal number of years of married life, is proud of having" shared the nudist way of life- the really free, natural nude life- for most of that period".
the accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse, even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty, is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman.
the best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again.
the emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax.
the equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the" natural, honest, free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration".
the false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all.
the indignant crusader sees the nude or semi-nude human form as" lewd and pornographic, a threat and danger" to all the young, or good, or religious, or moral persons.
the insistent, forceful penetration may tear and inflame the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen >.
the meekest, most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or grandmother's standards.
the necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire.
the partners each bring to it unselfish love, and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy.
the signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them.
the whole act is tailored to < her > pleasure, and not to < theirs >.
the wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality.
they consider it simply a sign of our times.
this is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife.
this is the ideal.
this may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered.
to many experts, this trend was inevitable.
too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment.
when a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires, she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her.
whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity, those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations.
yet even in these marriages, psychologists say, wives are asserting themselves more strongly.
yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous.
" Diane is the type of girl", Jelke said," who would n't get loving- even on her wedding night- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor".
" I 'd love to audition for you", she gushed.
" as long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex, it makes little difference if one or the other dominates", Dr& Calderone declares.
" at Deauville she met an Egyptian by the name of Pulley Bey.
" in 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County.
" our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke".
" that 's a lie.
" the important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment".
" to get a marriage back where it belongs", comments Dr& Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute," the husband must take some very basic steps.
" we have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country **h She has been acting as a prostitute.
## SHE GAVE HERSELF a title **h Lady Diana Harrington.
( Jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls.
) Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard- in a swank hotel, of course.
Diane loved to dance in the nude, something she was to demonstrate time and again.
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court.
Houston police gave her a third, less flamboyant, title **h prostitute.
I 'd like to see you dance nude".
I am not a prostitute, and I had only one very wealthy boy friend", she said.
I never gave that boy a cent.
after a few minutes he said," I can n't use you if you dance like that.
an ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as" Mr& Warfield, the famous producer".
and Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September 20, 1960," Diane Harris Graham, 30, D&O&A& circumstances- unusual".
and just as domination today often begins with the wife, so the cure generally must lie with the husband.
as she told it," He 's a rich boy friend, an old guy about 60".
but her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover, too, had been conquered and reduced to passivity.
but she seemed to have underestimated the number of her" boy friends".
clad in mink and diamonds, she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony Liebler describe her to the arraigning judge:" this girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society.
during the course of the trial, Jelke backed up part of that statement.
early in her life she had discovered that where there were men, there was money, and with the two came luxury and liquor.
he must become more expressive of his own desires, more demanding and less ' understanding '".
he must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more selfish.
he was the official procurer for King Farouk, now in exile.
her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as" the Golden Girl of the Mickey Jelke trial".
if his on-the-job problems work out, he may return to his old pattern.
in any case, Dr& Calderone remarks, such problems are a couple's own affair, and can n't always be measured by a general yardstick.
in some cases, however, domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary, triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need.
in the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France, where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him.
it was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot ( Mickey ) Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl.
it was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best.
on the other hand, a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive- asking, psychologists say, for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable.
one such wife, Dr& Linden says, became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man.
or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted, flattered or coaxed, simply because she needs her ego lifted.
other experts say, however, that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period, it is likely to shake the marriage.
she came to New York from Detroit as a teenager, but with a" sponsor" instead of a chaperone.
she developed another quaint habit.
she had been moving in cafe society as Lady Diana Harrington, a name that made some of the gossip columns.
she had talked her" boy friend" into sending her to New York to take a screen test.
she hastily complied.
she lied in order to get it.
she never hid the fact that she liked to play.
she quickly moved into cafe society, possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business.
she seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke.
she thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance.
she was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive.
she was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty.
she was still in the play for pay business when she died, a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour.
sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man- or his wife- because he or she feels age creeping up.
the New York D&A& gave her another **h the Golden Girl of cafe society.
the audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment.
the phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows.
the screen test was never made- but Diane was.
then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.
thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed- the one place he can still be champion.
too many husbands, Dr& Schillinger continues, worry about" how well they' re doing", and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play.
" I think that maybe she wanted it this way", a vice squad cop said.
" a maid told us that she still bragged about getting $50 a date.
" cancer"!
" doctor" Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes.
" you did n't tell me I had cancer".
" you have it, all right.
( he explained that he could diagnose these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it.
) he knew just the thing for her- a treatment from his" cosmic light ozone generator" machine.
FRANKLIN D& Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs& Claire Shaefer, accompanied by a friend, visited him in Bakersfield, California, several months ago as a prospective patient.
I AM a carpet salesman.
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams- < wall-to-wall carpeting >.
I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East.
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs& Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day.
according to the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )," Doctor" Ghadiali, Dr& Albert Abrams and his clique, and Dr& Wilhelm Reich- to name three notorious device quacks- succeeded, respectively, in distributing 10,000, 5000, and 2000 fake health machines.
after another treatment with the machine, he told her that" her entire body was shot through with tumors and cysts".
an autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body.
an isolated case of quackery?
and she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lee's quack shenanigans, gathered by the tape recorder under her friend's clothing, proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D& Lee.
as he applied the applicator extending from the machine- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs& Shaefer's body, Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo.
at least she never knew what the bottom was like".
authorities believe that many of the Doctor Frauds using these false health gadgets are still in business.
but I knowingly abuse their confidence.
but as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about.
by no means.
continuing glibly in this vein, he paused to comfort her:" do n't you worry.
did she know, he asked, why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health?
for Mrs& Shaefer- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau.
for several days, she was ill as a result of Lee's treatment.
for that reason, he informed her, the Lord made the sky blue.
from where I sit it looks more like a nightmare.
he may call himself a naprapath, a physiotherapist, an electrotherapist, a naturopath, a sanipractor, a medical cultist, a masseur, a" doctor"- or what have you.
he milks the latest scientific advances, translating them into his own special Buck Rogers vocabulary to huckster his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual impotence and cancer.
he then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment, a can of sage" to make her look like a girl again", and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away.
he then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine.
he urged her to buy one of his machines- for $300.
his plunder is therefore far higher- running into hundreds of millions.
leaving Lee's office, Mrs& Shaefer hurried over to her family physician, who treated her for burned tissue.
look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland.
mrs& Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines.
mrs& Shaefer practically shrieked.
not only do these quacks assume impressive titles, but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence.
people come to me with confidence.
pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls.
police theorize that a combination of dope, drink and drugs killed her.
rather, it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate, ethical medical treatment of serious diseases.
she had- he informed her- kidney trouble, liver trouble, and a severe female disorder.
she was on the junk, and they slide fast when that happens.
the blonde's nude body was in bed, a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her.
the charge: violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs.
the gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000- anything the traffic will bear.
the human body- he pointed out, for example- required 33 units of blue light.
the machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals, wires, and radio parts.
the medical device pirate of today, of course, is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of yesteryear- the gallus-snapping hawker of snake oil and other patent medicines.
the sentence: 360 days' confinement in the county jail.
then, by squeezing her foot three times, he came up- presto- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze.
there is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream.
they depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little.
this machine will cure your cancer-ridden body".
we cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy, neon-lit, chromium-plated suburban stores.
when she said that she did n't have the money, he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one.
when she submitted to his treatment with the capsules, Mrs& Shaefer felt intense pain.
why, I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body".
with these gadgets- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs, ticks, and buzzes- he then carries out a vicious medical con game, capitalizing on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age.
yes, the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything, he assured her.
" factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the practitioner", says Dr& Brodie.
" for these and other reasons", says Dr& Brodie," orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth".
" if teeth are moved too rapidly, serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place", explains Dr& Brodie.
" moving one or two teeth can affect the whole system, and an ill-conceived plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a child's face".
#CORRECTION CAN SAVE TEETH# EVERY orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth.
#THE WHEN AND HOW OF STRAIGHTENING#" MOST orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14, though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55", says Dr& Brodie.
#TOOTH FIT EXPLAINED# OCCLUSION is the dentist's expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed.
#WHAT IS THE COST?# THE charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country.
Susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day.
Susie's teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position.
_@_ Crooked, overlapping, twisted, or widely spaced teeth.
_@_ Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close.
_@_ Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out, making a double row.
_@_ The eyeteeth ( third from the middle on top, counting each front tooth as the first ) beginning to protrude like fangs.
_@_ Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close.
a child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions: _@_ A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw.
a chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face, a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth, an overdeveloped lower jawbone, and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of malocclusion.
abnormal pressure, applied over a period of time, produces a change in the bony deposit, so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided.
aligning all the teeth may take a year or more.
an added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct.
an average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $650 to $1,000.
as the tooth moves, bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve, and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved.
bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots.
badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as lisping.
because of these chewing troubles, a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition.
but after that, if thumb-sucking pressure is frequent, it will have an effect.
but because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position, a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place.
contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago, when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit, recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition.
during the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment, Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness, but after a short time this will disappear.
during these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to increase the pressure on her teeth.
how long will this take?
however, this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family.
if a child loses a molar at the age of two, the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space, thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble.
if baby teeth are retained too long, the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place.
if he decides to proceed, he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands, plastic plates, fine wires, and tiny springs.
in certain cases, as in Dick Stewart 's, a child's personality is affected.
in the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed, yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy.
it 's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs, and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old.
last comes the < retention > stage.
malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long.
malocclusion, or a bad fit, is what parents need to look out for.
next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month, depending on the severity of her condition.
occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a youngster's teeth;
on her first visit the orthodontist will take X rays, photographs, tooth measurements, and" tooth prints"- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws.
one main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth.
orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly, by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network, to the bone in the jaw;
parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay.
some such youngsters rarely smile, or they try to speak with the mouth closed.
straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months.
the failure of teeth to fit together when closed interferes with normal chewing, so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his digestive system.
then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist.
then, too, misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles, increasing the likelihood of rapid decay.
these two basic malformations have, of course, many variations.
they are not anchored directly to the bone.
this appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or intermittent pressure on the bone.
this must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows, and no faster.
this serious condition, popularly known as pyorrhea, is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults.
tooth deformity may be the result of < excessive > thumb- or finger-sucking, tongue-thrusting, or lip-sucking- but it 's important to remember that there 's a difference between < normal > and < excessive > sucking habits.
usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth.
what can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontist's office?
what is it likely to cost?
when in place, a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered.
work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago.
yet from the dentist's point of view, bad-fitting teeth should be corrected for physical reasons.
" I feel cold", the medium says, or" My leg aches"," My head is heavy".
" a journey"," a little white house"," a change of outlook", can apply to many people.
## IN THE PARAPSYCHOLOGY FOUNDATION 'S long-range experiment, readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters, trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements.
## MEDIUMISTIC IMPRESSIONS are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses.
## NOW THE ORIGINAL absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to < him >.
after being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the ministry.
all these evaluations are then totted up and tabulated, by adding up the Hits and Significants, with the weight placed on those in the sitter's own reading.
an interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a" hit", describing something accurately for him, but can he really be sure that another sitter, hearing the same statement, would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances?
and even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view, which is by nature so personal.
and there are some positive results, though the final findings will not be known for a long time- and then further research can be formulated.
as always, a tape recording or detailed notes are made, and a typescript of this is sent to the absent sitter.
but this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail;
conversely, experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the following, which, if they turned out to be hits, are so unusual as to be really significant:" he had four children, two sets of twins.
conversely, if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading, and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others, a point is chalked up for the intrinsic, objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material.
does she accurately give dates, ages, kind of occupation?
does she often speak of locations, of cause of death?
during one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons.
even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how- of atmosphere, of one another's personalities, moods, intentions.
he died of typhoid in 1921".
he gives this to the medium at the appointed time, and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the communicator.
he is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his.
here again laboratory approaches are being evolved, for it is recognized how" elastic" these readings can be, how they can apply to many people, and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case.
if asked how she gets her impressions, she probably can only say that she" just gets them"- some more vividly than others.
if communication with an entity on the" other side" is taking place, this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism.
if he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him, he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame:" does that statement really sound as if it were for me, significant in my particular life?
if pressed by the sitter for more detail, she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply, almost as if she were physically going closer.
if you look at a reading meant for someone else, you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you, even when you were not in the picture at all!
impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value.
in another approach to the same procedure, the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements.
in this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained.
it is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious, and the medium has to translate these into meaning.
it is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements- though research still does not know how far afield ESP < can > range.
it is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall, and where she makes most of her" hits".
it is very important indeed, in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis, to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself.
it is, of course, easy to see how" J" will mean Uncle Jack to one person and little Jane to another.
maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness, with action and motion, or a static view:" a house under a pine tree, with a little stone path going up to the door".
methods have been developed of assigning" weights" to statements;
nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery.
now when, so to speak, the cream has been skimmed off, and the items in the successful categories separated out, the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated" cream", where the sensitive is at her best.
of course, there is an element of training here: these gifted people, by concentration, study, guidance, have learned to develop their power.
one medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name Shietz was significant to the sitter.
one sitter may think" a leather couch" identifies a reading as surely directed to him;
or am I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody, and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience"?
or perhaps she hears words or sounds:" there's such a noise of loud machinery", or" I hear a child crying", or" He says we 're all here and glad to see you".
or, on the other hand, are unlikely facts being stated, facts which are in themselves significant and < not > easily applicable to everybody?
part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road.
perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all.
simply < using > it increases its intensity, I was told by one sensitive.
so each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights.
so this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's ESP and the absent sitter's mind.
so, after the sitting has been held, several readings at one time are mailed, and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ), Incorrect ( Miss ), Doubtful, or Especially Significant ( applying to him and, he feels, not to anyone else ).
sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective, as if the scene were actually there.
specific dates would be important, as would double names.
taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement.
that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth;
that in the United States more people die of heart disease than of smallpox.
that is one thing the experiments are designed to find out.
that is, if he marks as most correct a reading < not > meant for him, the total experimental score falls.
that is, it is known empirically that names beginning with R are more common than those beginning with Z;
the sensitive often seems to smell definite odors, too, or subjectively feels emotions.
though they are often heard clairaudiently, as if a voice were speaking them, in other cases they are apprehended visually as symbols: a slope to signify the name" Hill", for instance.
to another, it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase," Atta boy"!
to get around this quite difficult corner, there is one first aid to objectiveness: prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading < was > for him.
various categories have been explored to find out about these" empirical probabilities" against which to measure the readings.
#BUYING A FARM# The value of the farm to you will depend on- _@_ Its worth as a place to live.
#SELECTING A FARM# Before you look for a farm you 'll need to know ( 1 ) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake;
**h Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the < corpus delicti > of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs.
_@_ The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision.
_@_ The value of the products you can raise on it.
_FACILITIES IN THE AREA.-_ Check on the schools in the area, the quality of teaching, and the provision for transportation to and from them.
_KIND OF NEIGHBORHOOD.-_ Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes.
_LOCATION_ _NEARNESS TO WORK.-_ Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities.
_NEARNESS TO MARKETS.-_ If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby.
_THE HOUSE_ Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence?
_TOPOGRAPHY AND SOIL_ Is the land suited to the crops you intend to raise?
a pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden.
a tavern, filling station, junk yard, rendering plant, or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value.
also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family.
and ( 2 ) whether you want to buy or rent.
and still another witness, one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses, had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot.
cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer.
counsel for the defense, however, shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections, rarely raised an objection.
decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town.
discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm.
estimate the value of the produce at normal prices.
everyone with a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective dirge.
few rural areas are protected by zoning.
find out whether fire protection, sewage system, gas, water mains, and electrical lines are available in the locality.
for almost two months, the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers, graybeards, adolescents, babies, starved, beaten to death, strangled, machine-gunned, gassed, burned.
for larger plantings, you 'll need some kind of power for plowing, harrowing, disking, and cultivating.
how much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating?
if an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed- such as a spray rig, a combine, or a binder- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work.
if the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed, check into the cost of making these improvements.
if these facilities are not at the door, getting them may cost more than you expect.
if you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well, find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled.
if you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises.
if you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate, or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming, usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy.
if you can n't tell, get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist.
if you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments, 1960 prices ).
if you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk, for example, you should be close to a town or city.
include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment.
information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture.
it may be hard to decide what this labor is worth, but charge something for it.
list the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year.
next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm.
obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road.
one who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers.
otherwise, you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor.
pond water can be filtered for human use, but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble.
public relations strategists everywhere, watching the reaction of the German press, the liberal press, the lunatic-fringe press, listening to their neighbors, studying interviews with men and women on the street, cried out: too much, too much- the mind of the audience is becoming dulled, the horrors are losing their effect.
small areas that are n't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop.
soil type, drainage, or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones.
take into account the difference in city and county taxes, insurance rates, utility rates, and the cost of travel to work.
the following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses.
the gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers.
the presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable.
the total is the probable gross income from farming.
then if you change jobs you will n't necessarily have to sell the farm.
there are slums in the country as well as in the city.
these tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing, particularly on heavier soils, so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing.
to do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm.
to figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income, divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way.
to find estimated net farm income, subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming.
would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming, if not exhausting, effect likely to improve his client's chances?
you can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery, by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor, and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs.
you cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water.
you may have to provide them yourself or get along without them.
you will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing, however.
" all too frequently", points out James O 'Gara, managing editor of < Commonweal >," Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter, by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and, particularly, by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades".
" as to the necessity", the committee declared," for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children, and consequently of control of conception, there can be no question **h.
Catholics, Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning, but disagree over the methods to be used.
Pope Pius 12, declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life, if there are serious reasons, such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical, eugenic, economic and social" indications".
a year later in Albany, N& Y&, a Roman Catholic hospital barred an orthopedic surgeon because of his connection with the Planned Parenthood Association.
all too often our language is unduly harsh.
believing that God is the Author of this law and of all laws of nature, Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws, not frustrate or mock them.
both Roman Catholics and Protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past.
but people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines, without taking up arms against those who disagree with them.
consider what happened during World War 1,, when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress.
denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself, the Conference declared:" we steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage.
family planning is encouraged, so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring.
he thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants, Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months, until the city's Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy.
here is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement.
immediately, the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience.
in 1920, the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued" an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception, together with the grave dangers- physical, moral, and religious- thereby incurred, and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race".
in 1930, the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children, but conceded that, in certain limited circumstances, contraception might be morally legitimate.
in 1958, the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere.
in March, 1931, 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control.
in New York City in 1958, the city's Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device.
instead of Catholics' being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring, as many non-Catholics imagine, the ideal of < responsible > parenthood is stressed.
instead of emotional recrimination, loaded phrases and sloganeering, we need a dispassionate study of the facts, a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached.
it has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries.
it has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies.
it is always a temptation for a religious organization, especially a powerful or dominant one, to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others.
it is because each side has sought to < implement > its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly < force > its belief, or at least the practical consequences thereof, upon others.
let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable.
many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful.
many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action.
moreover, man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God, who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception.
one is the primary purpose for which marriage exists, namely, the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children;
since then, many Protestant denominations have made separate pronouncements, in which they not only approved birth control, but declared it at times to be a < religious duty >.
that experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today.
that tumultuous, painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society.
the Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author: it involves no frustration of nature's laws, but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them.
the Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives.
the Roman Catholic Church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method, also known as the use of the infertile or safe period.
the Roman Catholic Church, however, sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning.
the Roman Catholic natural-law tradition regards as self-evident that the primary objective purpose of the conjugal act is procreation and that the fostering of the mutual love of the spouses is the secondary and subjective end.
the attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers, racketeers, hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history.
the first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level.
the grounds for the Church's position are Scriptural ( Old Testament ), the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church, the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries, the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law.
the latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive, entirely apart from Scripture, in determining the ethical character of birth-prevention methods.
the laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons.
the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control".
the peace of the community was badly disturbed, and people across the nation, reading of the incident, felt uneasy.
the second step is to recognize the substantial agreement- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting- already existing between Catholics and non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning.
the so-called" noble experiment" came to an inglorious end.
the time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation.
the various Lambeth Conferences, expressing the Anglican viewpoint, mirror the gradual change that has taken place among Protestants generally.
there is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection < without > relation to procreation is right".
these are substantially the same factors considered by non-Catholics in family planning.
these incidents, typical of many others, dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension, rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue.
this conclusion is based on two propositions: that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain" given" physical arrangements.
this means that such factors as the health of the parents, particularly the mother, their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life, the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring.
this was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries.
thus, man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is procreation, the propagation of the race.
today, the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction.
up to the turn of the century, contraception was condemned by < all > Christian churches as immoral, unnatural and contrary to divine law.
where it is not actually erupting, it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano, ready to explode at any moment.
why is it so different in regard to birth control?
with over four million American men away at war, Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public.
with the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches, most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives, allowing the couple free choice.
with the return of our soldiers, it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens.
## All through July the < Discovery > picked her way along the 450-mile-long strait, avoiding ice and rocky islands.
## Early in June, the < Discovery > passed" Desolation" ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the" Furious Overfall".
## Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames.
( the common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage.
) in 1610, Hudson was probably in his early forties, a good navigator, a stubborn voyager, but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession.
Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest- lukewarm, ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis.
Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent, who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred- pimps, panders and whores.
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer.
Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme, for two of his backers.
Hudson pointed the < Discovery > down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ), confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific.
Hudson was free to sail on.
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty.
Hudson, presiding, heard Juet's defense, then called for testimony from crew members.
Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial.
Juet had made plentiful enemies, several men stepped forward.
North and south, east and west, back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay, plowing furiously forward until land appeared, then turning to repeat the process, day after day, week after week.
a group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther.
after finding that its coasts led nowhere, however, he turned north again, toward the main, ice-filled passageway- and the crew, at first uneasy, then frightened, rebelled.
after three weeks' swift sailing, however, the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas.
and he refused to be anything else.
as the bergs grew larger, Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay, an inlet of the great strait.
but men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find.
cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship.
feverishly, he tried to brush away this intuition.
floating ice bore down from the north and west.
fog hung over the route constantly.
for he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea, but the solid bulk of the North American continent.
for the first three weeks, the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain, then turned westward.
for weeks he had been saying that Hudson's idea of sailing through to Java was absurd.
hands on Bible, seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins.
he was a Londoner, married, with three sons.
he was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend, where the < Discovery > picked him up.
he went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart, which he set up in view of the crew.
hundreds of miles to the north, the route back to England through the" Furious Overfall" was again filling with ice.
instead of quelling the dissension, as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man's head off under similar circumstances ), Hudson decided to be reasonable.
it is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships.
on August 3, two massive headlands reared out of the mists- great gateways never before, so far as Hudson knew, seen by Europeans.
on May 11, she reached Iceland.
once more, Juet's complaints were the loudest.
one man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds, he would give ninety of them to be back in England.
others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward.
patiently, he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives.
poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called" Lousie Bay".
the great" sea to the westwards" was a dead end.
the great, crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason.
the issue was settled on shore, Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore, determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England.
the meeting broke up.
the men were at first puzzled, then angered by the aimless tacking.
the ship halted.
the ship's compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole.
the statement was effective.
the subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome.
the trial was held September 10.
the trouble was at least partly Juet 's doing.
there at the river's edge waited one Henry Greene, whom Hudson listed as a" clerk".
this must have been Hudson's blackest discovery.
this was the bitter end, and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure.
to port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet.
to starboard was a cape a thousand feet high, patched with ice and snow, populated by thousands of screaming sea birds.
turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet.
up spoke carpenter Staffe, who said he would n't give < ten > pounds to be home.
when Hudson had finished, the" town meeting" broke down into a general, wordy argument.
with Hudson looking on, his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon, Edward Wilson.
with difficulty, Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship, and they sailed from Iceland.
**h She is well-educated and refined, all wildcat and fur, and Union from the muzzle to the crupper".
**h When you see them again give them my love- not best respects now, but love by God".
Charles Thiot, a splendid Georgia soldier, differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation, well-educated, and nearly fifty years of age.
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes, but we take no notice of them now".
I eat too much eggs and poark it sowered [ on ] my stomack and turn loose on me".
Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the" the Virginia quickstep".
William R& Stillwell, an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History, liked to tease his wife in his letters.
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression.
a Confederate observed that the Yankees were:" thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier".
a Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea:" I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days **h.
a Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in 1864:" I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts".
a Michigan soldier wrote his brother:" I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same".
a Reb stationed near Petersburg informed his mother:" I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often **h for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter.
a Texan wrote to a male companion at home:" what has become of Halda and Laura?
a Yank writing from Vicksburg, May 28, 1863, stated" Not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing **h.
a Yank, disturbed by his increasing corpulence, wrote:" I am growing so fat **h I am a burden 2 myself".
a Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart:" my girl is none of your one-horse girls.
a second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia" look like the latter end of original sin and hard times".
a third remarked of slowness of Southerners:" they moved about from corner to corner, as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god".
a third wrote that it was" raining like poring peas on a rawhide".
accordingly, though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudson's Bay Company, some settlers went into trade.
after he had been away from home about a year he wrote:" [ dear Wife ] If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married I do n't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful".
another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported:" the Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink, so I will close".
another Yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer:" now I lay me down to sleep, The gray-backs o 'er my body creep;
another reported that his comrades were" in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house".
at the point where they ended, another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in 1840.
below the fort, high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River.
but a much more common designation was" the sh-ts".
but he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine.
by fall, 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling, but most of them were sent on to Galena and St& Louis, with a few going as far as Vevay, Indiana, a notable Swiss center in the United States.
despite this prohibiton, by 1844 some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for furs.
humor found many modes of expression.
if they should bite before I wake, I pray the Lord their jaws to break"".
in 1837, 157 Red River people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at Fort Snelling.
in April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June.
in June 1845, the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the" very vitals of the Company's trade and power".
in the South, after the first year of the war, paper and ink were very poor.
indeed, no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray.
its people, including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry, were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840.
just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I do n't dodge every time".
men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as" looseness of the bowels";
most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp, on stumps, pieces of bark, drum heads, or the knee.
near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups, name one of them" fall-in" and the other" close-up", and then shoot them both," and that will be the end of ' fall-in ' and ' close-up '".
on June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi.
one of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea.
one wrote:" [ I am so hungry ] I could eat a rider off his horse + snap at the stirups".
others carried pemmican from" the Forks" to St& Paul and goods from St& Paul to Red River, as in the summer of 1847 when one trader, Wells, transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement.
save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters, soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table.
scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing, i&e&, after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner, they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written.
she is a regular stub and twister, double geered.
some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive.
sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads.
still another, annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive, wrote:" yore letter was short and sweet, jist like a roasted maget".
the Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs.
the letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor.
the letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances.
the resultant town, platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father Galtier's mission, St& Paul, was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River.
the soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people.
the trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the 49th parallel.
they talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body.
this trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835, but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee.
to reduce further the flow of goods from England, the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men.
while population at Fort Garry increased rapidly, from 2,417 in 1831 to 4,369 in 1840, economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate.
with their customary source of supply cut off, the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country.
1 ) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all.
2 ) The concept that an" American national folklore" exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend.
Abraham Lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution.
Robert E& Lee represented the dignity needed by a rebelling confederacy.
Robert Frost, for instance, writes about rural life in New England, but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems.
Stephen Vincent Benet's < John Brown's Body > comes immediately to mind in this connection, as does John Steinbeck 's < The Grapes of Wrath > and Carl Sandburg 's < The People, Yes >.
after all, the field is large, difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates.
and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located.
and so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the money-maker that even at the college level most of the hundred-odd folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone.
and their roles are paralleled by those of Patrick Henry, Nathan Hale, Andrew Jackson, Davy Crockett, Theodore Roosevelt and many, many more.
and while every writer must be dealt with as a special case, the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each.
anthropologists, housewives, historians and such by profession, they approach their discipline as amateurs, collectors, commercial propagandists, analysts or some combination of the four.
as a result, most people do n't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is;
as long as his material is Americana, can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears" democratic" to his audience, he remains satisfied.
both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found.
both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines.
but there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts- one dominated by money, the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship.
but we must never forget, most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight, to answer immediate needs, almost always with conscious aims and ends.
does the writer know the difference between an" ersatz" ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk?
dominated by the vicious circle of the university promotion system, the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups, although he cannot deny his debt to the collector.
enthusiastically, Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like Paul Bunyan tales, Abe Lincoln anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition.
folklore is his hobby, and he, all too rightly, wishes it to remain as such.
folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve, vary and recreate through oral transmission.
for that matter, the experts themselves are a mixed breed.
from all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore.
fundamentally, both these types, the amateur and the collector, are uncritical and many of them do n't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material.
he hunts folklore for the very" field and stream" reasons that many persons hunt game;
his love of folklore has romanticism in it, and he does n't care much about the dollar-sign or the footnote.
his standards are, of course, completely foreign to those of the analyst.
if one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work, the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public.
in addition, this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly, in an age of print and easy communication, within an ever-expanding and changing society.
in its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage, the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this.
in the first place, a good many writers who are said to use folklore, do not, unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale.
in the second place, a large number of writers, making a more direct claim than Frost to being" folk writers" of one sort or another, clearly make no distinctions between genuine and bogus material.
is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was?
is the writer propagandistic?
it has come to mean myths, legends, tales, songs, proverbs, riddles, superstitions, rhymes and such literary forms of expression.
naturally, such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore.
nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic, regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material.
on the one side we have the university professors and their students, trained in Teutonic methods of research, who have sought out, collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic, regional and occupational groups that make up this nation.
on the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic," frontier western" or colonial material willy-nilly.
or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be?
parson Weems's George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States.
publishers want books that will sell, recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music, grade and high schools want quaint, but moral, material.
related to written literature, and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form, it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence.
that much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant.
the amateur is closely related to the collector, who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field.
the analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in.
the collector enjoys the contact with rural life;
the commercial propagandist, who can n't afford to be critical, gets along well with the amateur, from whom he feeds, but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine.
the knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors.
the outlook for the amateur, for instance, is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque.
the problems confuse even the experts.
the work done by the analysts, the men who really know what folklore is all about, has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited, learned audience.
therefore, the scholar, as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years, will be mindful of two facts.
they have little" esprit de corps".
they have widely varying backgrounds and aims.
they see it as a potpourri of charming, moral legends and patriotic anecdotes, with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there.
this has not, however, prevented publishers from labeling him a" folk poet", simply because he is a rural one.
though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies, it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter.
to both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul, lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications.
unfortunately, few of the artists ( writers, movie producers, dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways.
when he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged.
when the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure?
Japan has had 15 destructive ones ( eight of them disastrous ) since 1596.
Lagrange's law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity.
O 'Banion drew his guns and fired at Dave, severely wounding him in the stomach.
O 'Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre;
O'Banion's reaction was:" three hundred dollars!
O'Banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal.
a further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through.
a second bullet ricocheted off Max's belt buckle, leaving him unhurt but in some distress.
a tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in 1869 washed away an entire town ( Ponoluu ), leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been.
a tsunami may be started by a sea bottom slide, an earthquake or a volcanic eruption.
an ordinary sea wave is rarely more than a few hundred feet long from crest to crest- no longer than 320 feet in the Atlantic or 1,000 feet in the Pacific.
at last, even the controlled Torrio was unable to hold still, and he tentatively suggested that O 'Banion should take a percentage in the Stickney brothels in return for one from his Cicero beer concession.
at the end of the performance, Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters.
but Torrio and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman.
but a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to crest.
but he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate.
but in the meantime the beer-runner, unhappy with this solution, telephoned Torrio and returned to O 'Banion with the message:" say, Dionie, I just been talking to Johnny, and he said to let them cops have the three hundred.
for three years, since the liquor territorial conference, Torrio had, with his elastic patience, and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business, tolerated O'Banion's impudent double-crossing.
generally the first salvo of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell, not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers.
he behaved publicly with a cocky, swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds, and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness.
he says he do n't want no trouble".
he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested.
here was stored $1,000,000 worth of bonded whisky.
in 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea;
in 1896 a Japanese tsunami killed 27,000 people and swept away 10,000 homes.
in six months O 'Banion had boosted the profits to $100,000 a month- mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty Chicago speak-easy proprietors to shift out to the suburb.
in the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour.
indeed, a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood.
it raced across the Pacific at 300 miles an hour, devastated the coasts of Java and Sumatra with waves 100 to 130 feet high, and pounded the shore as far away as San Francisco.
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast.
not until they sailed home at the end of the day, through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses, were they aware of what had happened.
on the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan, fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells.
once again O'Banion's brash recklessness had caused a proliferation of ill will.
one of the beer-runners telephoned O 'Banion- on a line tapped by the detective bureau- and reported the situation.
one of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1, 1755;
one wave swamped more than 1,000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay.
still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O 'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era- the Sibley warehouse robbery, which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation.
that sort of braggadocio, for that sort of reason, in the view of Torrio and Capone, was a nonsense.
the Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years.
the ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves.
the dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement.
the giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones.
the greater the depth of the water, the greater is the speed of the wave;
the most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in 1883;
the revenue from O'Banion's Cicero territory went up still higher, until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicago's South and West Sides.
the seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers, drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore.
their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest.
these 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the O 'Banion men, who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water.
these booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon, Saltis-McErlane, and Druggan-Lake gangs, and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons;
they are far more common in the Pacific.
they had suffered, in sulky silence, the sight of his sharp practice in Cicero.
they usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height, but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions.
they were disturbed by his idiotic bravado- as, when his bodyguard, Yankee Schwartz, complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller, a prize-fight referee, chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation, who were Hirschey, a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and O 'Banion, Frank, a policeman, and Max, the youngest.
this is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives.
to settle this slight, O 'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop, where, he had learned, Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy.
to them bums?
tsunami are rare, however, in the Atlantic Ocean;
tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable.
upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O 'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen.
usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights.
when, as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election, Torrio had given O 'Banion a slice of Cicero, the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month.
whether or not Plato's tale of the lost continent of Atlantis is true, skeptics concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times.
while a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour, the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour.
why, I can get them knocked off for half that much".
#THE RESTLESS EARTH AND ITS INTERIOR# < At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday >, April 18, 1906, San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake.
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking, as rigid surface rocks do.
( 2 ) If earthquakes do occur at such depths, why not deeper?
Carroll was sharp and military, but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth, and he wanted to play it cool.
Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career, he wanted to be in the fighting part of it.
Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice.
Chandler understood this and expected the worst.
Garryowen is the battle cry of the 7th U& S& Cavalry Regiment," The Fighting Seventh".
a sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll.
and so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen.
and when the singing began, it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best.
bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes, Sioux and Apaches, Mexican < banditos > under Pancho Villa, Japanese in the South Pacific, and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea.
but do n't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh, especially in a saloon on Saturday night.
but for all his erudite confidence, Sergeant Early was right out of the Garryowen mold.
but his first few days with Troop H were full of surprises, beginning with First Sergeant Robert Early.
but in maneuvers, with the top brass watching him all the time, it 's easy.
but still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a four-syllable word," Garryowen".
even the mess sergeant, Bill Brown, a dapper, cocky transfer from an airborne division, went out on the range.
first of all, no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside, especially when he 's an armchair trooper.
for Marvin Goulding, like Giovanni Martini, the bugler boy who carried Custer's last message, or Margarito Lopez, the one-man Army on Leyte, was a Garryowen, through and through.
for example, it was a battalion of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong Custer that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn.
further, he had taken full advantage of the Army's correspondence courses.
he could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work.
he fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment.
he had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade.
he not only knew soldiering, but mathematics, history and literature as well.
he set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment.
he was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh.
in combat, helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed.
in the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him, each beaming above the biggest, greenest shamrock he had ever seen.
in the search for oil and gas, we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources.
instead Sergeant Early was quiet, sharp and confident.
it did n't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop H. but what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer, non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it, for the good of the troop and the regiment.
it happened at the St& Patrick's Day party, a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march.
it was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment.
it was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor.
its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit, and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2,.
just a month after the Korean War broke out, the 7th Cavalry was moving into the lines, ready for combat.
knowledge gained from studying earthquake waves has been applied in various fields.
maneuvers over, the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo, Captain Chandler still with them.
of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th Cav, perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C& Chandler.
one of his innovations was to see to it that every man- cook and clerk as well as rifleman- qualified with every weapon in the troop.
outside of combat, he could n't have landed in a tougher spot.
second, if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him, it 's on maneuvers.
sergeant Early let the new CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army.
so Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen, just as he himself had been sold a short time before.
that saved Mel Chandler.
the cry" Garryowen"!
the faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding, his wife and their two children.
the final proof was a small incident.
the following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book { Causes of Catastrophe } by L& Don Leet.
the next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop H, 7th Cavalry, in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan.
the troop received a new leader, Lieutenant Robert M& Carroll, fresh out of ROTC and bucking for Regular Army status.
the truth is, however, that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil.
there was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded.
though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer, he managed to get transferred to the combat forces.
though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding, the Jewish officer from Chicago, singing tearfully about the ould sod, no one really thought it was strange.
today a battle cry may seem an anachronism, for in the modern Army, < esprit de corps > has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables.
two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts.
undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history, or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name.
we have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate.
when the Korean war began, on June 25, 1950, the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2,, the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition.
wiry and burr-headed, with steel blue eyes and a chest splattered with medals, Chandler is the epitome of the old-time trooper.
{ IN } Ireland's County Limerick, near the River Shannon, there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen, which means" Garden of Owen".
#COMMUNIST GAINS# In answering these questions, we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before, and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded: the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests.
#THE USES OF POWER# This much having been said, the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do- defeat Communism- and, if so, how those resources ought to be used.
#U&S&" PRESTIGE"# The other charge was that America's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years.
Cambodia is, for all practical purposes, neutralist.
Communist political warfare, we must remember, is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages.
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts, and I think Mr& Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book < American Might and Soviet Myth >.
I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention.
I speak of" the largest possible measure" because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved- ever- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings, and is therefore a dangerous man to have around.
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations, that it always has been, that it always will be.
Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralism;
_ASSUMPTION 2._ These conditions are unobtainable- are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated- without the prior defeat of world Communism.
_ASSUMPTION 3._ It follows that victory over Communism is the dominant, proximate goal of American policy.
add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength.
add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity.
and I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers, ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945, to deal with this problem realistically and seriously.
and because Communists have the will and, as long as Soviet power remains intact, the capacity to prevent their realization.
and even then, it is a concept that can be highly misleading.
and is Western influence greater or less than it used to be?
and this may be as far as the process will go.
but contrary to what was implied during the campaign, prestige is surely not important for its own sake.
but dominant in the sense that every other objective, no matter how worthy intrinsically, must defer to it.
but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit, then Algerian freedom must be postponed.
but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West, then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer.
but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression, then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made.
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin, then we must fight.
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do- namely, by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side.
fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win, the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes, in mob uprisings in the streets, in parliaments, in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators, at the United Nations, on the propaganda front, at diplomatic conferences- preferably at the highest level.
freedom, in the sense of self-determination, is a worthy objective;
half of the population of the U&S& would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people".
here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power- of influence, if you will- about which the relevant questions are: is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago?
if we look at the situation this way, we can get an idea of Khrushchev's nightmarish worries- or, at least, of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage.
in the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power, and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus.
it may be, of course, that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism;
justice is a worthy objective;
moreover, as Communist power increases, the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes < pro rata > and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote.
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world- the absence of Soviet Communist power.
one was demonstrably false;
only the vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be.
overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast.
peace is a worthy objective;
prestige is a measure of how other people think of you, well or ill.
prestige, however, is only a minor part of the problem;
prosperity is a worthy objective;
proximate in the sense that there are more distant, more" positive" ends we seek, to which victory over Communism is but a means.
six years ago French Indochina, though in troubie, was in the Western camp.
still, these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves.
success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence.
suppose, he says, that the tables were turned, and we were in the Soviets' position:" there would be more than 2,000 modern Soviet fighters, all better than ours, stationed at 250 bases in Mexico and the Caribbean.
the Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture, not of Ghana, but of the United States- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a" neutralist" mask, yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office. to recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring.
the Soviets understand, moreover, that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West.
the argument was typically advanced in terms of U&S&" prestige".
the contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign, but once that has been done, I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it.
the evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union, and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead.
the first was that America had become- or was in danger of becoming- a second-rate military power.
the other, for the most part, true.
the second stage is to retain the nominal classification of" neutralist", while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy.
the thing to lose sleep over is what people, having concluded that we are weaker than we are, are likely to do about it.
this brings us squarely to the problem of < power, > and the uses a nation makes of power.
this ignorant estimate, I repeat, is not of any interest in itself;
this is true for two reasons: because Communism is both doctrinally, and in practice, antithetical to these conditions;
thus, typically, the first stage of a Communist takeover is to" neutralize" a country.
to the extent, then, that declining U&S& prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat, and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation, there is reason for concern.
today Northern Vietnam is overtly Communist;
you may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment- I certainly do- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior, but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U&S&-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future.
" and it 's all the more tragic because it 's so little deserved", said Mr& J& J& A& Frans, a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
" precisely", said Mr& Frans.
" we ask the people what they want, and they supply the labor.
" we" were Bill Garrett of the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC Illustrations Staff, whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met;
" what you see are self-help projects", John said.
#LIFE MUST BE KEPT IN HARMONY#" What matters here is family loyalty;
#PRIME MINISTER MOVES FAST# Alas, so it almost proved for us, too.
#PRINCE WEARS TEN-GALLON HAT# And so, after a flight southeast to Savannakhet, we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak, a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas.
Boun My, our interpreter;
Boun My- the name means one who has a < boun >, a celebration, and is therefore lucky- was born in Savannakhet, the Border of Paradise.
John, an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics, headed the rural development division of USOM, the United States Operations Mission administering U&S& aid.
although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane, with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French, we were getting nowhere.
an hour of bouncing, a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary.
and getting them seemed a life's work.
and myself.
and to live in harmony with nature".
before the airplanes came, he said, travel in Laos was just about impossible.
but he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane, including the royal capital, Luang Prabang.
but our two Jeep mates- Keo Viphakone from Luang Prabang and John Cool from Beaver, Pennsylvania- were beaming under their coatings of dust.
could we be ready in 15 minutes?
even if it did not, how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns?
even life in harmony with death.
everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort.
faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the < phis >, the spirits;
for so long as death was not violent, it was natural and to be welcomed, making a funeral a feast.
from his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger.
harmony in Laos?
he had attended three universities in the United States.
he spoke of the season of dryness and dust, brought by the monsoon from the northeast, in harmony with the season of rain and mud, brought by the monsoon from the southwest.
his Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town, and he was eager to be off.
in Keng Kok, the City of Silkworms, the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas, and two notebooks for me.
in six years, U& S& aid had amounted to more than $1.60 for each American- a total of three hundred million dollars.
in the end we ran into Communist artillery fire.
it was a spleen-crushing day.
more bouncing, another stop, a new house for teachers, a new well.
mr& Keo, once a diplomat in Paris and Washington, was Commissioner of Rural Affairs.
nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured, and few soldiers could be spared as escorts.
now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village, as evidence of evil American intervention.
practically all the people of Laos, he explained- about two million of them- are rice farmers, and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows.
shy, slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside.
the Pathet Lao, stiffened by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet Nam, were supplied by Soviet aircraft.
the Royal Lao Army, on the other hand, was paid and equipped with American funds.
the slim pirogues in harmony with the majestically meandering Mekong River.
the temperature rose to 105'.
then off again, rushing to keep up.
then we drove on, until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields, bouncing across their squat earth walls.
they look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages, with an average of 200 souls.
they spread over an area no larger than Oregon;
to find out, we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled, in the daytime at least, by the Royal Lao Army: from Attopeu, the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast, to Muong Sing, the City of Lions in the northwest, close to Communist China ( map, page 250 ).
to go outside the few cities required permits.
to many a Frenchman- they came 95 years ago, colonized, and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953- the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti.
together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th century- constructively.
we flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they did n't crash.
we had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true, when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister.
we rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts, all four wheels spinning uselessly.
we send shovels, cement, nails, and corrugated iron for roofs.
we talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U& N& flag.
we were miserable.
we were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants.
we were told that to the Pathet Lao, a kidnaped American was worth at least $750, a fortune in Laos.
with our company of soldiers, we made one long column of reddish dust.
yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe.
yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians.
" as long as I 'm home, I 'll never grow up", a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly.
" it 's people of your own kind", a girl remarked.
" people automatically assume that I 'm in college", a nineteen-year-old machinist observed irritably.
" they do n't like it if I do anything away from home.
" when you marry, you want to have things in common", a girl said," and it 's hard when you do n't marry someone with your own background".
" you do n't have to watch what you say.
#THE LOWER-MIDDLE CLASS COLLEGE STUDENT# One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost.
#THE OLDER TEENS# One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented.
@rooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone, and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing.
Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school.
a fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that, in her community, religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious.
a freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the" low-down" on a boy who was going out with his daughter.
a kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex.
and the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but, rather, a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping.
another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as" the only Orthodox girl in town".
at the same time, there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates.
but it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places- Fire Island, Nantucket, Westhampton, Long Island, for example- tend to be homogeneously Jewish.
first, the girl's education has a lower priority than the son's.
first, the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights.
for girls, the overprotection is far more pervasive.
for most Brooklyn College students, college is at once a perpetuation of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family.
however, a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents.
however, among the girls, there are some morale-enhancing compensations for not going to college.
however, in their junior and senior years, they generally forego their athletic pursuits, presumably in the interest of better academic achievement.
in their first two years in high school, Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams.
in upper teen Jewish life, the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality.
intermarriage, which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival, was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild, clinical disapproval.
it 's so much trouble, I do n't usually bother".
it appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and, in addition, required kosher food.
it is significant that the Catskills, which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers, a kind of summer suburb of New York, no longer attracts them in great numbers- except for those who work there as waiters, bus boys, or counselors in the day camps.
it is significant, too, that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed, unlike the younger ones, that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts.
it is they who read- and make- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them.
most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home.
most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds.
of course, I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people, but I would want lots of Jewish kids there".
on the one hand, there is a sense of not having moved beyond the ambiance of their high school.
one can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town.
one of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women.
parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting.
perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session- can serve as a paradigm of the urban, lower-middle class Jewish student.
second, the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son.
she is even prone to regard the college girl as immature.
sixty-five per cent of the Jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning.
the Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office- in contradistinction to gentile factory workers- and, buttressed by a respectable income, she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student.
the breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual.
the consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically.
the domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field.
the great world beyond beckons.
the motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different.
the percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys.
the vocational motive is the dominant one for boys, while Jewish girls attend college for social reasons and to become culturally developed.
then, with the new affluence, there is actually a sallying forth into the wide, wide world beyond the precincts of New York.
there are two reasons for this.
there is, to begin, an important sex difference.
they have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status, the out-of-town school.
this is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College.
this is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia.
this is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large- 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females.
this is, no doubt, inaccurate, but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant.
this may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy.
this means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature.
typically, in a lower-middle class Jewish family, a son will be sent to an out-of-town school, if financial resources warrant it, while the daughter will attend the local college.
under pressure from parents, the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans- limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours.
what is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that, although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts, they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-Jewish world.
" get a bite, spit on it" was a proverb.
I know this worked.
a German informant gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and molasses into a poultice.
a cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye.
a handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water;
a kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment, but it did the job.
a simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way.
another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water, then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight.
another frequent pioneer difficulty, caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots, was corns.
another poultice was made from the inner bark of the elm tree, steeped in water until it formed a sticky, gummy solution.
another remedy was oil of eucalyptus, used as well for chilblains.
another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean halves under the drip of the house for seven days.
another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours, tie it on the wart, and wear it for a week.
another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look cross-eyed;
ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing.
as the cloth dried, more of the mixture was applied, and after twenty-four hours the felon was supposed to be" killed".
as the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation, and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out.
at times pioneer children got lice in their hair.
bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests.
bed slats were washed in alum water, legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene, and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate, applied with a feather.
bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days;
blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any hard nonpoisonous substance.
boils have always been a source of much trouble.
chiggers were a common pest along streams and where gardens and berries thrived;
chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves.
felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven, pounding it fine, and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine;
for erysipelas a mixture of one dram borax and one ounce glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth.
for mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made.
for wasp stings onion juice, obtained by scraping an onion, gave quick relief.
frostbite was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow.
insect bites were cured in many ways.
itching skin, considered" just nerves", was eased by treating with whiskey and salt.
just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings.
kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests.
many an old-timer swore by the saliva method;
mud was sometimes used as well as soap.
nosebleed could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying in it a knot for each year of his life.
not long ago" Denver Mud" was most popular.
now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead.
old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water.
one person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water;
one veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or" fire".
one wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy.
one young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times.
or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper, meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears.
saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous;
shingles were cured by gentian, an old drug, used in combinations.
since a fall or blow might have caused it, a cold pack was usually first aid.
six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other remedies.
so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye, they buried themselves in the victim's flesh.
the particle would then move toward the nose, where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton.
there were many cures for warts.
they drank half a cup of this morning and night, and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution.
this might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck, pressed on the upper lip, or inserted into the nostril ( cotton was usually used in this last ).
this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part.
this softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on.
this was also used for sores.
this was used also for bruises.
to cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water.
to keep them out of homes, even in the 1900's, was a chore.
to remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted.
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments, and strangely enough many warts did just that.
winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped.
yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings;
" I considered that your views would be best carried out", he explained," by taking women whose progeny will of course be free + more fully extend the philantrophy of Emancipation.
Giffen advised acceptance of this plan, citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation.
Giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation.
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically:" rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with **h and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views".
Gorham refused to accept money for slave property, but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved?
Henry hid his annoyance, although both he and William were furious with their Yankee brother.
I have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of Conscience + Justice".
Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation.
William was adamant on one point: under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and Henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom.
William, who did not write to Gorham, told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year, he would sue" amicably" to protect his interests.
William, who lived in neighboring St& Mary's parish, had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year.
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold.
a disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them **h to come into the scheme.
a few red wines, notably those of the Beaujolais, are better consumed at cellar temperature.
a tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea.
an excellent crop was expected that year.
and Alsatians < may > be.
another school frowns on such a shortcut, and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom, after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle.
but the first glass of Chateau d' Yquem or Montrachet is a great deal better than the last"!
but white wines never!
by tradition, a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature- if anything a little cooler- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well.
decanting old wine aerates it fully;
each human being, known only by a given name, had a cash value.
early in January, 1844 he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans, and upon learning of Gorham's intention, Henry remonstrated calmly but firmly with his brother.
for, in the process of decanting, the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table: hence, a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs.
if Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery, they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited.
if William wished to continue operations for a year, why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them" as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex + age.
if a red Bordeaux of a good name and year is bitter or acid, or cloying and muddy-tasting, leave it alone for a while.
if not, he was willing to accede to William's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim.
if sold then, the land and improvements might bring only $5,000.
if this must be done, they should always be corked and kept in a cool place;
in France, when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines, one visits the restaurant well ahead of time, chooses the wines and, with the advice of the manager and his chef, builds the menu around them.
in March there was a division of the slaves, and Giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible.
it may also be- practically speaking- a matter of good economy.
it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk.
knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes, Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once, and then send them on to Liberia.
lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition.
many people use wicker cradles for old red wine, lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table, without disturbing the sediment.
most of the wines of Beaujolais, on the other hand, < should > be drunk while very young;
of the fifty-two slaves, Giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty, twelve of whom were females.
old Sam 's sixty-five years had reduced his value to $150;
over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine, especially a dry wine- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive.
red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep longer;
some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age, or even more.
the ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five, for an old house servant, to an unnamed newborn child.
the average claret is notably longer-lived than its opposite number, red Burgundy.
the cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly, and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward.
the emancipation plan would not only be injurious to all the heirs, he contended, but would be a form of cruelty perpetrated on the hapless Negroes.
the fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air.
the slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under John Palfrey's overseer.
the suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic, since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves.
the wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and aerate, preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and, perhaps in the case of very old wines, be decanted.
their having family ties on our plantation + the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement".
they were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation, and Louisiana law required their removal from the state.
this cold reckoning of human worth in a legal paper, devoid of compassion or humanity, was all he needed.
this does not mean, though, that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration: there is a reasonable limit- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day, after they have once been opened, are never as good.
though there are many exceptions, which we have noted in preceding pages, white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old, and red wines, nowadays, between three and ten.
thus, Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold;
thus, red wine must, if possible, never be disturbed or shaken;
to quote Professor Saintsbury:" the last glass of claret or Burgundy is as good as the first;
very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering, bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself.
very old red wines often require several hours of aeration, and any red wine, brought from the cellar within half an hour of mealtime, should be uncorked and allowed some air.
when he heard of his brothers' anger, Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages.
white wines should be opened when served, having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness.
" Washington", President Kennedy has been heard to remark ironically," is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm".
" in fact, the search is almost more important than the find".
(" artists are always at a new frontier", she claims.
(" in the late forties and fifties", Coombs has declared in defining his role," two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy **h economic assistance and military assistance.
(" it is always of sorrow to me when I find people who **h neither know nor understand music", he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art.
) many of the new appointees are art collectors.
) mrs& Arthur Goldberg, wife of the Secretary of Labor, paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists' Gallery in the District of Columbia.
) mrs& Henry Labouisse, wife of the new director of the foreign aid program, is the writer and lecturer Eve Curie.
Ambassador-at-Large Averell Harriman has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include Renoir, Cezanne, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec, Degas, Matisse, Picasso, and Walt Kuhn.
McNamara is the scholar-businessman.
Postmaster General J& Edward Day, who must deal with matters of postal censorship, is himself author of a novel, < Bartholf Street, > albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense.
Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, former President of the Ford Motor Company, comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhower's own first Secretary of Defense, Charles Wilson, who had been head of General Motors.
Secretary of State Dean Rusk, a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean, has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange.
Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon owns a prize Monet, < Femmes dans un jardin >.
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves.
Udall, who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona, is a bluff, plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight.
Walton dropped everything to serve as a district co-ordinator in the hard-fought Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City.
Walton, after a wartime stint with < Time-Life >, to become bureau chief for the < New Republic >.
Walton, who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France, combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy.
Walton, who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital 's leading semi-abstract painters, vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days.
a man of great talent, he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential trouble-shooter, strictly ex officio, for culture.
a more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior.
active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the Potomac, and T& R&'s own living children, who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary.
after promoting Frost's appearance at the Inauguration, he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members, members of Congress, and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium.
already the President and the First Lady have deputized him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the renovation of Lafayette Square.
an inveterate reader of books, he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann Arbor, almost forty miles away.
another, Arthur M& Schlesinger, Jr&, has won a Pulitzer Prize in history;
as we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity **h to build a third strong arm, aimed at the development of people, at the fuller realization of their creative human potential, and at better understanding among them".
at last count, sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration, second in number only to its Harvard graduates.
besides Schlesinger, the Justice Department's Information Director, Edwin Guthman, has won a Pulitzer Prize ( for national reporting ).
both lived in Georgetown, were unattached, and shared an active social life.
but even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians, he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments.
but his credentials are impeccable.
during last year's campaign, Kennedy asked Walton, an utter novice in organization politics, to assist him.
eleven others were introduced.
ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President Thomas Jefferson, the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces, few of them authentic or aesthetic.
he is not likely to win this battle easily.
he provoked outraged editorials when, after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs& Kennedy, he remarked to reporters," We just cased the joint to see what was there".
he selected as Comptroller of Defense, not a veteran accountant, but a former Rhodes Scholar, Charles Hitch, who is author of a study on < The Economics of Defense in the Nuclear Age >.
his Ideas in this respect, however, sometimes arouse critical response.
his private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as C& P& Snow, Arnold Toynbee, and Aaron Copland.
his wife, Marion, is a portrait painter.
hoping to cut down on such works, Udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is memorialized.
in the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to" hustle" it out of Washington.
it now serves the President in his oval office.
mrs& Kennedy shows a determination to change all this.
nonetheless, they found common interests.
not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk, hewed from the timbers of the British ship H&M&S& < Resolute > and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria.
one of Mrs& Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine.
one of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs.
one of the President's special assistants, the Harvard dean McGeorge Bundy, was co-author with Henry L& Stimson of the latter's classic memoir, < On Active Service >.
one tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan, sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum, would be sent" on indefinite loan" to Salem, Illinois, Bryan's birthplace.
spokesmen for the nation's tradition-minded sculptors promptly claimed that Udall was exiling the statue because of his own hostility to this art form.
the Director of the Peace Corps, R& Sargent Shriver, Jr&, a Kennedy brother-in-law, collects heavily among the moderns, including Kenzo Okada and Josef Albers.
the Press Secretary, Pierre Salinger, was a child prodigy as a pianist.
the event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time, hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration.
the hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D& Roosevelt Memorial, a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics," Instant Stonehenge" ), is another of Udall's headaches, since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it.
the last Congress adopted seven bills for memorials, including one to Taras Shevchenko, the Ukrainian poet laureate;
the list goes on.
there have been indications that he hopes to redress that situation, commencing with the White House.
they arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years: Kennedy as the young Congressman from Massachusetts;
they dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman, decrying the more than two hundred statues, monuments, and memorials which" dot the Washington landscape **h as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans".
two men show promise of playing prominent roles: William Walton, a writer-turned-painter, has been a long-time friend of the President.
unlike Wilson, who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism.
Dartmouth is numerically still a small college today, with approximately twenty-nine hundred undergraduates.
Dartmouth is today still a small college- and still a private one, thanks to Webster's eloquence.
Eleazar Wheelock, a Presbyterian minister, founded the school in 1769, naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth, its sponsor and benefactor.
Eleazar, pausing on the Hanover plain, found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall, a log hut dedicated" for the education + instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading, writing + all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing + christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences;
President Emeritus Hopkins once proposed to corral an" aristocracy of brains" in Hanover.
a lawyer, hired by the college, was arguing specifically for Dartmouth: Daniel Webster, class of 1801, made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole plea.
a road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor Wentworth and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in 1771.
a student orator" produced tears from a great number of the learned" even before the punch was served.
about two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools.
all three are purposely kept small, with a current total enrollment of about two hundred.
all three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and, like the college proper, place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study.
and also of English Youth and any others".
and at his last commencement, in that year, Dr& Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college.
and on the summit of Mount Washington, where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world, there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas" because it is there".
but Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes, and, although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage, they make for lively copy.
but it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states, and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England.
by 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to 1,107.
by the end of the nineteenth century, in 1893, when the Big Three, Columbia, and Penn were populous centers of learning, Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine.
city boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a sawmill, come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp.
early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university.
for a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body.
future commencements were more decorous perhaps, but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace.
governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines, and a barrel of rum was broached.
he transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college.
however much football has been over-emphasized, the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard, so, while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888, Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition.
however, three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums- the Dartmouth Medical School ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ), the Thayer School of Engineering, and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration.
in 1817 the lawyers were generally debating the legal inviolability of private contracts and charters.
in an age of oratory, he was the king of orators, and both he himself and Chief Justice Marshall were bathed in manly tears, as Uncle Dan 'l reached his thundering climax:" it is, sir, as I have said, a small college, and yet there are those who love it **h".
it fixed on Dartmouth College, which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered.
it has come on with a rush in more significant areas.
it has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed.
it is still a college only and not a university;
it is still, however, the junior member of the League, if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do.
it is, in fact, the only college in the Ivy group.
it was a busy street, conveniently near the shopping center, and unattended horses and wagons were often left at the curbside.
it was a hardy undertaking, and Wheelock's was indeed" a voice crying in the wilderness".
only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students, and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation.
over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class.
probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States.
she did n't like her stepmother, but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage.
so Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group.
students of the college who are candidates for the A&B& degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools, may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year, thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year.
the Lodge, built of hand-hewn virgin spruce, can handle fifty people for dining, sleeping, or lounging in its huge living room.
the Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters, extending from the Vermont hills, just across the river from the college, through Hanover to the College Grant- 27,000 acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country.
the Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way, after a boy wins a B&S& in engineering.
the cabins are equipped with bunks, blankets, and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips.
the club runs regular trips to the cabins, but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting, fishing, climbing, or skiing.
the cook got drunk, and President Wheelock proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself.
the dormitories, including the beloved Dartmouth Hall, could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion.
the exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gatherings.
the governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college.
the legislators decided to" liberate" Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o '-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms, faculty, and chapel.
the person who left the buggy there has never been identified.
the presidents of Cornell, Wisconsin, C&C&N&Y&, Bowdoin, Vermont, Brown, Columbia, Princeton, Yale, and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there.
the struggle was resolved in 1819 in the Supreme Court in one of the most intriguing cases in our judicial history.
their affection for their college home has even caused President Dickey to comment on this" place loyalty" as something rather specially Hanoverian.
then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman, disdaining both the platform and the English language, harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue.
then in 1893 Dr& William Jewett Tucker became president and the college's great awakening began.
there are, of course, many weaknesses in any case against Emma.
there is much to be said for a college that, while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies, still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game, deer, or even bear is not uncommon.
there is much to be said for such a college- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly.
this is not out of keeping with its origins, probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group.
today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking.
under the auspices of the Outing Club, Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club, which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley, and Bait + Bullet, whose interests are self-evident, and even sports a Woodman's Team, which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping, canoe races, and the like.
" how about Bridget Sullivan"?
" oh, she was just the maid there", he replied, waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was.
16 chapters of Bryce" and liked it more and more";
Bridget was born in Ireland, one of fourteen children.
I have previously described how, during the week of the murder, Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes.
I inquired.
Kirby was, of course, reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of the murders.
Lizzie, actually, never named any suspect.
Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges, only Oberlin and Elmira, were open to women;
a gentleman of the old school, Mr& Upton possessed intellectual power, ample means, and withal, was a devoted Christian.
a picture of her in high school comes from a younger schoolmate, Albert S& Flint, friend of her brother Winslow, and later, like Winslow, a noted astronomer.
all the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned, although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers.
although Pearson disbelieved almost everything Lizzie said, and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did, he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth.
an essay on" Freedom" written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence, the freedom given to slaves in Canada, and the views of George Washington.
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied.
and that she proceeded to do.
and, much as she detested Hiram Harrington, she also did not accuse him.
asked who this was, she named Harrington.
at the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward, or who had bad feelings toward her father.
both he and Bridget were exonerated by Lizzie herself".
but even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits.
do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do, perhaps two weeks behind you **h".
everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that, as far as we know, there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders: Lizzie Borden and Bridget Sullivan.
fleet asked the same question about Bridget, and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her.
he felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl.
he recalled Lucy, as" a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys' study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room beyond".
he said he had not heard of anybody else.
her father, James Upton, was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the < Scarlet Letter > as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port.
her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests.
her statement certainly was true;
her study of history was persistently pursued.
if Bridget did get any bundles of cash, the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden.
indeed, it was probably to Mr& Morse's advantage to have Mr& and Mrs& Borden alive.
la Croix on the < Customs of the Middle Ages >;
many years later ( on August 3, 1915 ), Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College:" while I love botany which, after dabbling in for years, I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school, it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing.
mathematics came next".
more chapters of Guizot;
she finally settled in Fall River and, after being employed for a time by a Mrs& Reed, was hired by the Bordens.
she named 48 items, and said there were" many more things which it would take too long to write".
she possessed an observant eye, a retentive memory, and a critical faculty.
she read Maitland's < Dark Ages >," which I enjoyed very much";
she replied," I know of one man that has not been friendly with him.
she told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders, but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner.
she was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time.
she worked as a domestic, first in Newport for a year, and then in South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for another year.
that was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect.
the actions of Bridget should be examined, since she was there and opportunity did exist, if only to establish her innocence.
the daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects.
the death of her mother in 1865 prevented this.
the exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration, but Lizzie's expression of her opinion, as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet.
the legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a" big bundle" of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut.
the people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points, always to the detriment of Lizzie.
the press reported the same facts in using Harrington's interview, but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that Harrington was the killer.
the study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college, and Lucy Upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men.
there are also other factors that require closer examination.
there is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind.
they have not been friendly for years".
this officer had asked Lizzie if she suspected her Uncle Morse, and she replied she did n't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them.
true, it is no longer cricket for the butler to be the killer in mystery fiction, but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations.
whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being, that was my favorite study.
when I interviewed Kirby, who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard, I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders.
when her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in 1874, she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor Diman:" what is Prof& Diman's definition of civilization, and take the world through, is its progress ever onward, or does it retrograde at times?
when she was nine years old, she wrote a description of a store she had visited.
with four younger children at home, Lucy stepped into her mother's role, and even after the brothers and sisters were grown, she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in 1879.
" yet Spelman has strong, deep roots, and will live for the blessing of generations to come".
#@# Miss Mary Jane Packard, Sophia's half-sister, became ill in March, 1910;
#VOCATIONAL EDUCATION# I should like to underline four points I made in my first report with respect to vocational education.
I believe the situation is improving, but the success stories need to be heavily publicized.
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered.
Mary J& Packard, states a < Messenger > editorial, was" efficient, pains-taking, self-effacing, loving, radiating the spirit of her Master.
Miss Giles always used to refer to her as" Sister".
Miss Upton told the Trustees that the death of Miss Giles was" the sorest grief" the Seminary had ever been called upon to bear.
adult education courses, work-study programs of various sorts- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth.
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers.
and the fact remains that there are today few shining examples of Negroes in positions of intellectual leadership.
and when school closed, she was unable to travel to Massachusetts.
before coming on a visit to Spelman in 1885, Miss Mary had been a successful teacher in Worcester, and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period.
but in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent.
but she decided to stay at Spelman.
first and foremost, vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation.
formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation.
fourth, the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality.
he may or may not be" better off" than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school.
he receives remuneration for his work.
here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press.
high motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work.
how can the vicious circle be broken?
however, for slow learners and prospective dropouts these courses ought to begin earlier.
however, the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual.
if the student drops out of high school, the break with the school is even more complete.
in a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student, while still in school, to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation.
in a few school districts one finds a link between school and job.
in a later chapter dealing with the suburban school, I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found.
in both cases the student attends school half-time and works in a regular job the other half.
in general, however, it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school, the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next.
in the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation.
in these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program, saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12.
in those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money, there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other.
indeed, in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work.
it is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South.
now the school was indeed bereft.
quiet and energetic, cheerful and calm, she too was a power in the development of the seminary.
quite the contrary, as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president.
rather we see here another vicious circle.
second, vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the student's time in those years;
she died on August sixth.
she helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years- the catalogues show that she had classes in geography, rhetoric and bookkeeping.
she remained in Atlanta through June and July;
she served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years, and was in charge of correspondence, records, and bookkeeping.
she was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and hardships.
soon the office work claimed all her time.
statistically this has represented a loss to the nation, although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one.
the absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers.
the apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis, usually at night, perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school.
the books of the school hold a memorial to her;
the daughters of Spelman, she said, had never known or thought of Spelman without her.
the removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow, but they still had Miss Giles.
the" distributive education" program operates in a similar way, with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields.
the" diversified occupations" program is a part-time trade-preparatory program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers.
these opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such crafts as auto mechanics, carpentry, drafting, electrical work, tool-and-die work, and sheet-metal work.
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers, and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time.
third, the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are keenly interested in the work;
this is a problem to which leaders of opinion, both Negro and white, should devote far more attention.
this is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the Northern universities.
this last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few, if any, graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training, the whole idea of relevance disappears.
undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools.
when there is employment opportunity for youth, this arrangement- or lack of arrangement- works out quite well.
with infinite patience she responded to every call, no matter at what cost to herself, and to her all went, for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer.
## THE COLOR AND SHAPE of seeds have long made them attractive for ornaments and decorations.
## THE DEMAND for food is so great in the world that little arable land can be given over to growing the nonfood crops.
## THE SEEDS of hard, fibrous, stony fruits, called nuts, provide highly concentrated foods, oils, and other materials of value.
Victorian ladies had a fad of stringing unusual seeds to wear as jewelry.
a forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the tagua palm.
all nut kernels are rich in protein.
almond oil, another nondrying oil, was once used extensively in perfumery to extract flower fragrances.
almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein.
although science has given us more effective materials, preparations from anise, castorbean, colchicum, nux vomica, mustard, fennel, and stramonium are familiar to many for the relief of human ailments.
and the sweet-smelling cumara nut, which is suited for perfumes.
bead tree seeds are the necklaces of South Pacific islanders and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba.
castor oil, made from castorbeans, has gone out of style as a medicine.
chestnuts are starchy.
chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds- flax, castor, tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ), perilla ( from an Oriental mint ), and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ).
coconuts, the fruit of the coconut palm, have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets.
corn and wheat supply most of the starch in the United States, Canada, and Australia.
exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons, about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil.
flaxseed poultices and mustard plasters still are used by some persons.
guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream.
gums were extracted from quince, psyllium ( fleawort ), flax, and locust ( carob ) seeds in ancient times.
handmade Christmas wreaths and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year.
in other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region, starchy tubers or roots are processed for starch.
it is still used in drugs and cosmetics, but it is rather scarce and sometimes is adulterated with oils from peach and plum seeds.
it is used for making buttons and other small, hard objects of turnery.
liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives.
locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper.
more than 200 million tons of seeds and seed products are fed to livestock annually in the United States.
more than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock.
most nuts consist of the richly packaged storage kernel and its thick, adherent, brown covering- the seedcoat.
of psyllium seed, more than 2.6 million.
oils, or liquid fats, from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal.
once regarded as an agricultural nuisance, psyllium was sold in the 1930's as a mechanical laxative under 117 different brands.
one of the finest of artists' oils comes from poppy seeds.
other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg;
palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin.
peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or diluents for medicines administered by injection.
quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions.
seeds are a main source of starch for industrial and food use in many parts of the world.
seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position.
seeds of soybean, cotton, corn, sesame, and rape yield semidrying oils.
seeds of the sago palm are used in Bermuda to make heads and faces of dolls sold to tourists.
since Biblical times, rosaries have been made from jobs-tears- the seeds of an Asiatic grass.
sizable amounts of soybean, coconut, and palm kernel oil- seed oils that are produced primarily for food purposes- also are used to make soaps, detergents, and paint resins.
solid fats from the seeds of the mahua tree, the shea tree, and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries.
some are used in paints along with drying oils.
starch is used in the paper, textile, and food-processing industries and in a multitude of other manufacturing operations.
still another group of seeds ( sometimes tiny, dry, seed-bearing fruits ) provide distinctive flavors and odors to foods, although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible.
the aromatic sassafras nut of South America;
the artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages.
the common spices, flavorings, and condiments make up this group.
the discovery during the Second World War that guar gum was similar to imported locust gum increased its cultivation in western Asia and initiated it in the United States.
the efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil.
the kernels of brazil nuts, cashews, coconuts, filberts, hazelnuts, hickory nuts, pecans, walnuts, and pine nuts are predominantly oily.
the marking nut, used for ink and varnish;
the oil palm of West Africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or kernel of its fruit.
the so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed.
the soap nut, which owes its sudsing power to natural saponins;
the world production of familiar seed nuts- almonds, brazil nuts, filberts, and the English walnuts- totals about 300 thousand tons annually.
these oils develop hard, smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances.
this nondrying oil, however, is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant, as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment, and as a source of chemicals to make plastics.
today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds;
tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids, aromatic oils, and highly flavored components.
water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners, stabilizers, or dispersing agents.
world production of copra, the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut, was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959.
" bull tailin'" was a game once pop 'lar with the Mexican cowboys of Texas.
" mixed herd" meant a herd of mixed sexes, while a" straight steer herd" was one composed entirely of steers, and when the cowman spoke of" mixed cattle", he meant cattle of various grades, ages, and sexes.
" on the hoof" was a reference to live cattle and was also used in referrin' to cattle travelin' by trail under their own power as against goin' by rail.
" range delivery" meant that the buyer, after examinin' the seller's ranch records and considerin' his rep 'tation for truthfulness, paid for what the seller claimed to own, then rode out and tried to find it.
" sabinas" was a Spanish word used to describe cattle of red and white peppered and splotched colorin'.
" shootin' 'em out" was gettin ' cattle out of a corral onto the range.
" tailin'" was the throwin' of an animal by the tail in lieu of a rope.
" yeller bellies" were cattle of Mexican breed splotched on flank and belly with yellerish color.
#@ 21 @ SWINGIN' A WIDE LOOP# THE first use of the word" rustler" was as a synonym for" hustler", becomin' an established term for any person who was active, pushin', and bustlin' in any enterprise.
Listenin' with wonder at the strange words of the bullwhackers as they shouted" Whoa"," Haw", and" Gee", they thought them words the names of the animals, and began callin' cattle" wohaws".
Rammin' one horn of a downed steer into the ground to hold 'im down was called" peggin '".
Shippin' cattle by train was called a" stock run".
a cow rose from the ground rear end first.
a general classification given grass-fed cattle was" grassers".
a" book count" was the sellin' of cattle by the books, commonly resorted to in the early days, sometimes much to the profit of the seller.
a" lineback" was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body runnin' down its back, while a" lobo stripe" was the white, yeller, or brown stripe runnin' down the back, from neck to tail, a characteristic of many Spanish cattle.
a" mealynose" was a cow or steer of the longhorn type, with lines and dots of a color lighter 'n the rest of its body ' round the eyes, face, and nose.
after a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called" throwin' over".
again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler, and when the order was given to go out and" rustle the hosses", it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in.
an animal covered with splotches or spots of different colors was called a" brindle" or" brockle".
an animal with distinct coloration, or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders, was sometimes used as a" marker".
any animal could when travelin' fast, be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute, seizin' its tail, and givin' the latter a pull to one side.
by the time her hindquarters were in a standin' position, her knees were on the ground in a prayin' attitude.
colors of cattle came in for their special names.
countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it did n't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a" range count".
cows givin' no milk were knowed as" strippers".
from a pen of wild bulls one would be released, and with much yellin' a cowhand' d take after 'im.
his saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen, and one year durin' a severe blizzard, when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces, he said," Cheer up boys, whatever happens, the books will n't freeze".
in the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass, this was spoken of as" turn-out time", or" put to grass".
in this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the prevailin' custom of buyin' by book count, and created a sayin' which has survived through the years.
it required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider.
it was when she was in this position that the name" prayin' cow" was suggested to the cowboy.
near the southern border, cattle of the early longhorn breed whose coloration was black with a lineback, with white speckles frequently appearin' on the sides and belly, were called" zorrillas".
no matter by what name cattle were called, there was no denyin' that they not only saved Texas from financial ruin, but went far toward redeemin' from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest.
rarely did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it was n't stopped to receive demand for" wohaw".
seizin' the bull by the tail, he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side, throwin' the bull off balance, and" bustin'" 'im with terrific force.
such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler.
such an animal was said to be" mealynosed".
such tactics were resorted to frequently with the unmanageable longhorns, and a thorough" tailin'" usually knocked the breath out of a steer, and so dazed 'im that he 'd behave for the rest of the day.
the Injun's name for beef was" wohaw", and many of the old frontiersmen adopted it from their association with the Injun on the trails.
the counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of grazin' cattle, and drifted it back so that it did n't get mixed with the uncounted cattle ahead.
the countin' of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a" pasture count".
the cow, unlike a bull or steer, kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin', and a cow" on the prod" or" on the peck" was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges.
the cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a" milk pitcher".
the first cattle the Injuns saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early freighters.
the most common reference to" wet stock" was with the meanin' that such animals had been smuggled across the Rio Grande after bein' stolen from their rightful owners.
the northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail" Sonora reds", while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico" yaks", because they came from the Yaqui Injun country, or gave 'em the name of" Mexican buckskins".
the origin of this sayin' was credited to a saloonkeeper by the name of Luke Murrin.
the term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals.
the terminology of the range, in speakin' of" dry stock" and" wet stock", was confusin' to the tenderfoot.
them notes and mortgages were spoken of as" cattle paper".
they were said to be" on their heads" when grazin'.
this became a common byword durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests.
this led to the famous sayin' in the Northwest of the" books will n't freeze".
this method of countin' was usually done at the request, and in the presence, of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd.
this throwed the animal off balance, and over it' d crash onto its head and shoulders.
this word was from the Spanish, meanin'" polecat".
though the slightest yank was frequently capable of producin' results, many men assured success through a turn of the tail 'bout the saddle horn, supplemented sometimes, in the case of cattle, by a downward heave of the rider's leg upon the strainin ' tail.
to stir cattle up and get 'em heated and excited was to" mustard the cattle", and the act was called" ginnin ' 'em ' round", or" chousin ' 'em".
when a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin' run she was said to" come out a-stoopin'".
when a cowboy spoke of" dustin'" a cow, he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes.
when a cowhand said that a man had" good cow sense", he meant to pay 'im a high compliment.
when cattle became more valuable, ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued, at least when the boss was ' round.
when the cowboy used the word" tailin 's", he meant stragglers.
" I 'll get a pole", Jones said finally," and I 'll poke a noose over her head"!
" ai n't she a beauty, though"?
" careful, now", Jones warned.
" do n't you go a step nearer her than I do", Jones warned," and if you do, go at a run so you 'll have momentum"!
" it will n't work, Colonel".
" just the same we 'll try it".
" we 've got to get her out of there"!
John himself was bruised and clawed from head to tail, but he was in this fight to the finish, running almost as strongly now as in the morning.
John led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind, many of them trailing blood.
Jones yelled," or she 'll kill 'em all.
Kearton began shouting," Wait, wait- the camera 's jammed"!
Loveless, too, objected.
Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions' heads with poles, and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago, not the gentler ones of today, and this one was angry, with good reason.
a Western cowpony had outrun an African lion, from a standing start.
again she snarled, and again he edged.
and the sun was beginning to go down.
as she had done with Means, she gained rapidly at first, but then Baldy began to draw away.
at this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef.
bring me the firecrackers".
but Means kept on.
but she clung to the rocks and brush, and the day wore away.
but without waiting for them to try it, she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain.
called out Means as she ran.
enough, was the answer.
for such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment.
for thirty yards she gained rapidly.
for two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef, trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw.
from behind her Means shot forward at a run.
he succeeded almost too well, because once she rose as if to charge, and he half wheeled his horse- he was within fifty feet- but she sank back.
how much head start?
however nothing on four legs was supposed to be faster than a lion over a short distance, unless it was a cheetah.
if dark came they would lose her.
it was hot.
it was the story of the rhinoceros fight all over again.
lighting one he pitched it into the crevice, and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed.
means edged closer.
means held steady one jump ahead of her.
means spit and edged on.
means spun and spurred.
means tried her first.
no one knew exactly.
of course the factor of head start made all the difference.
photos showed later that she 'd been about six feet from Means **h.
she charged.
she had chosen the spot well.
she snarled warningly.
she took refuge on a tongue of land extending into a gully, crouched at the base of a thorn tree, and waited for them to come up.
she was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay, but- and here Jones and Loveless and Ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth- she never quite caught up that last bound.
so: means edged around on the north side of her, Jones moved in from the south.
somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point.
that was the whole question.
the dogs were tired.
the lioness quickly changed front, when she saw she could n't catch Means, and made for Jones.
the men were tired too.
the pony was sidewise to her.
then gradually he began to pull away.
there was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went.
they tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion, but these did n't.
this new position, however, gave the ropers a better chance.
tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention.
very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding, edging closer, watching for a chance to throw, but ready to spin and run, rope whining about his head, horse edging tensely under him, but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion.
when Jones too drew away, she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the gully, crouched low and waited as before.
with a whirling jump, it could get into gear **h.
with the gully on three sides, she could be approached only along the tongue of land.
" why, no, ma 'am", he replied," this church belongs to me"!
#LOCAL EMBODIMENT OF THE WHOLE# A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra, not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church.
( this made a sportswriter named Pegler wonder in print if Art had worn this armament when he defeated his manager.
) the sorry fact about this young man, who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball, was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being- never so good as he claimed, and always an irritant to his associates, but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public.
Babe Ruth, of course, was everyone's hero, and everyone knew him, even though relatively few ever saw him play ball.
Lou Gehrig was given the nickname Buster, and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs.
Ruth was a delinquent boy still, but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it.
a few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities, with the encouragement of the press, so that they might see their names in big black print, along with Daddy Browning's, Al Capone's, Earl Sande's, and the Prince of Wales'.
a visitor to the beautiful little building inquired," Do you belong to this church, Mr& Rancher"?
all too often its conception of parish ministry and pastoral care includes no responsibility for them in their relation to issues of the most desperate urgency for the life of mankind.
and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in Art's pocket once when he had occasion to collar the Great First Baseman for some forgotten reason.
and buggies and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning, until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap.
and it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is.
as long as the congregation regards the church as" our" church, or the minister thinks of it as" my" church, just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance.
as the twenties grew older, and as radio broadcasts of baseball games began to involve more and more people daily in the doings of the professionals, the great hitters ( always led by Babe Ruth ) overshadowed the game so that pitchers were nearly of no account.
at one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys, he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was" dead" or the base runners were free to score.
baseball was surely the national game in those days, even though professional baseball may have been merely a business.
boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids scorned to" choke up" on a bat as Willie Keeler and the famous hitters of another day had done.
but the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for Ruth in" color"- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field.
but the twenties were not all insanity and a striving after recognition.
but what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as Christians in the world?
desiring to fill the only remaining lack, he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it.
even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams, sponsored by grocers and hardware merchants or department stores, that played two or three times a week throughout the summer, usually in the cool of the evening, before an earnest and partisan audience who did not begrudge a quarter each, or even more, to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over.
every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink, they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision.
g' ahn back home!
he built a school and a library, then a recreation center and an inn.
he was given to public carousing and to acting the clown on the diamond;
his face was always in the newspapers, sometimes in cartoons that seemed nearly as large as life.
in his minor way Charles Arthur Shires was perhaps more typical of his era than Ruth was, for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers.
it draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation.
it has a beautiful edifice.
it helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible.
it is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa.
it is not disturbing them by thoughts of their Christian responsibility in relation to the world.
it is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy.
it is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life.
it is not stirring them to confront the racial tensions of today with the mind of Christ.
it is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples.
it provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled.
it was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything, but especially at fighting, and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists.
it would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the Church of Christ.
its preaching and its music give refreshment of spirit to men and women living under heavy strain.
nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League, or the Pony League, or the Coastal Plains League, or the fast Eastern League, if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere.
one who, for a time, succeeded best and was still the sorriest of all was Charles Arthur Shires, who called himself, in the newspapers, Art the Great, or The Great Shires.
one young man, exhilarated to the point of insanity by liquor and the excitement of the moment, performed a perfect swan dive out of the stands at the Yale Bowl during the Yale-Army football game, landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below, and died at once.
or who essayed to down full bottles of illicit gin without pausing for breath.
or who ingested strange objects, like live fish;
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor, with or without a partner;
other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching Ruth, who was still called Jidge by all his friends, or Leo or Two-Head by those who dared to taunt him ( Leo was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world" Kid".
radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home, in the town park or a pasture, with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the Cubs or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox.
the business of baseball began to prosper along with other entertainments, and performers- thanks partly to George Herman Ruth's spectacular efforts each season to run his salary higher and higher- prospered too.
the story reflects the way too many people feel.
there is a humorous but revealing story about a rancher who owned a large slice of Texas and who wanted to have on it everything that was necessary for a completely pleasant community.
there must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ, and that it is His purpose, not our own interests and preferences, that determines what it is to be and do.
there were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down;
this was a bitterly fought game, carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight, with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd.
this was typical of such games, which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship.
to put it bluntly, many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want.
we shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world.
when the visitors, after losing this game, rode along the village streets toward home, the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly," You bunch of hay-shakers!
yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms;
yet the truth, according to the New Testament, is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place.
you hay-shakers"!
young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places, even if they failed to make the major leagues.
" it is a duty", said Hough," not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity, current in this circuit ( and probably others ), excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court, especially to be found in patent causes, and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation.
" this very seldom happens in this class or in other cases, and of course all of these matters led to a volume and an expense of the record beyond what ordinarily would occur".
< the adolescent also faces the identity crisis that Erikson has termed ideological polarization vs& diffusion of ideals >.
Erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily resolves their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and fluctuating no-man 's-land between childhood and adulthood.
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony.
Parker, who agreed with much of this criticism, did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects.
William A& Redding asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence, the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years.
a pronounced ideological diffusion- i&e&, inability to < identify independently > with given ideas and value systems- is reflected in many ways.
adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values, to perceive things as" either-or", black or white- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant.
an estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive.
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work, college, carreer, and studies on what others are doing, rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills, abilities, likes, and dislikes.
and the frequent and rancorous verbal bouts," uncalled for and unjustifiable, from the retort discourteous to the lie direct".
and they censured parents who" never disciplined and were too permissive" or who" never explained how easy it was to get pregnant".
as long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition, rather than < viva voce > before an authoritative judicial officer, I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged, and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity".
as their identity diffusion increased, they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs.
but he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly pilloried.
chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and wearisome procedures in equity.
childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy.
for example, it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction again the ideas and behavior patterns of others, rather than his inner conviction and choice.
for example, some contemporary writing tends to fuse the" good guys" and the" bad guys", to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue, and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological, familial, and social experiences.
for example, some unwed mothers had had no work experiences, household chores, and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence;
for example, the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly" what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly".
he cited the elephantine dimensions of the Selden case record;
in a detailed letter published in the < Scientific American > in 1912, he remarked that" loose statements" about the case showed scant understanding of the facts.
in a long and angry footnote to his opinion, Judge Hough had lent the weight of judicial condemnation to such criticism.
in a private communication written in 1911, Parker had been more to the point.
in another sense, it is represented in the arguments of the" true believers" who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs.
in discussing the ways this crisis is germane to consderations for the prevention of illegitimacy, we shall again superimpose Erikson's concept on our data.
in the adult world, there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis.
in the final accounting, these would have augmented the bill for both sides.
inventors joined lawyers in the clamor for reform, inevitably centering upon the Selden litigation as a" horrible example".
it is mirrored by the individual Willie Lohmans, whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment.
it provides identification- with an idea, a value, a cause that cuts through, or even transcends, the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult, and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion.
its costive deliberations were likened to those of the British courts of chancery mercilessly caricatured by Dickens in < Bleak House >.
most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages, as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values.
not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the Selden suit.
noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar, he admitted that some of the strictures" were fairly well founded", but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent.
observing that" reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples", Hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures.
on the other hand, some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age, and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative, that their work and responsibilities became dull and unrewarding burdens- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior.
sex was both.
the absence, during her childhood and early adolescence, of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression, both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting.
the case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion, embodied in the unwed mother's inability to < identify independently > with a given value system or behavior pattern, and her subsequent disinclination to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior.
the comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2, ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship.
the diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed, however, in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty.
the duplication of testimony and exhibits;
the duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions.
the excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance, though through different facets of experience.
the fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was" a striking ( though not singular ) example", concluded Hough," will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present, and responsible for the maintenance of discipline, and the reception or exclusion of testimony".
the numerous squabbles over minor matters;
the positive development, during adolescence, of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence, and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas, values, and practices, depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy, initiative, and self-certainty.
the suit, although commonly designated as a single action, actually embraced five cases.
the suit, as we have seen, came before the courts when patent attorneys, inventors, and laymen were making mounting demands for reforms in the American patent system.
the vast industrial interests caught up in the Selden suit, as well as the complex character of the automotive art, encouraged both sides to exploit" every possible chance" for or against the patent, said Parker.
the" objections stated at outrageous length";
these affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship, no sense of dignity derived from a job well done.
these things both express and, at the same time, continue contributing to, their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty.
they accepted a job primarily because it was available, convenient, and paid reasonably.
they attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made;
they condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was enjoyable and exhilarating.
they criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong;
they subsequently occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and diverting.
they were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse.
this tendency is, perhaps, most clearly revealed in the literature on religious conversions and experiences of adolescents.
yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation, which many regarded as wasteful, indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure.
#THE RENAISSANCE CITY# _TO THE PIAZZA NAVONA AND PANTHEON_ These two walks take you through the { heart of Rome.
( this is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning.
) by tipping the porter, you can see in the courtyard Borromini's unusual and fascinating trick in perspective.
Andrea Palladio, an Italian architect of the sixteenth century, modeled his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns.
Giovanni Bernini's {" Fountain of the Rivers", } in the center of the piazza, is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks, with four huge figures, one at each corner, denoting four great rivers from different continents- the Danube, the Ganges, the Nile, and the Plate.
Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it.
ask to see the modern tapestries of Paris and Rome designed by Lurcat.
at this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2,, walk along the Corso del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards, then turn left on the Via dei Canestrani to enter the splendid { Piazza Navona, } one of the truly glorious sights in Rome.
before you enter the palazzo, note Francesco Borromini's facade.
by seeing such varied places, both interesting and beautiful, you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through, and in particular, get a feel of Renaissance Rome.
climb the steps from the theatre to the Via della Tribuna di Campitelli for an even better view of the Columns of Apollo.
continue on the Via d& Baullari to the Corso Vittorio Emanuele, then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the { Church of Sant' Andrea della Valle.
directly in front of the palace along the Via d& Baullari you will come to the { Campo di Fiori, } the famous site of executions during the turbulent days of Renaissance Rome.
follow the colorful and busy Via d& Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so.
for centuries it was the location of historic festivals and open-air sports events.
from the Palazzo Spada you continue another block along the Via Capo di Ferro and Vicolo de Venti to the imposing { Palazzo Farnese, } begun in 1514 and considered by many to be the finest palace of all.
from the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer, and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages.
here is one of the loveliest fountains in Rome, the { Fontana delle Tartarughe } or {" Fountain of the Tortoises".
in a moment cross the Corso del Rinascimento.
in front of you is the { Palazzo Madama, } once belonging to the Medici and now the { Italian Senate.
in the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit, have a drink or lunch, and watch the fountains in the square.
in the first courtyard there are some fine bas-reliefs and friezes, and in the second a series of delightful terraced roof gardens above an ivy-covered wall.
just a few yards to the right on the Via Capo di Ferro will bring you to the { Palazzo Spada, } built in 1540 and now occupied by the { Council of State.
keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami, cross the wide Via Arenula, and you will come to the { Piazza B& Cairoli, } where you should look in at the { Church of San Carlo ai Catinari } to see the frescoes on the ceiling.
now return to the Piazza Navona and leave it on the opposite side by the Corsia Agonale;
now turn left at the Via dell' Arco del Monte to the Piazza dei Pellegrini.
opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of < Tosca >.
opposite is the { Palazzo Mattei, } one of Rome's oldest palaces, now the headquarters of the { Italo-American Association.
perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch.
stand here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths, each holding a tortoise and each with a foot resting on the head of a dolphin.
start on the Via d& Teatro di Marcello at the foot of the { Capitoline Hill.
take the Via di S& Agnese in Agone, next to the church and opposite the center of the square, then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful { Church of Santa Maria della Pace.
the church's cloisters are among Donato Bramante 's most beautiful creations.
the courtyard is magnificently decorated.
the dome of the church is, outside of { St& Peter 's, } one of the largest in Rome.
the eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered, perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the { Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone }, the work of Bernini's rival, Borromini.
the figures have been executed so skillfully that one senses a great feeling of life and movement.
the gardens of the < palazzo, > shaded by a huge magnolia tree, are most attractive.
the great architect also designed the fine interior staircase and colonnade which connects the two courts.
the large statue on the first floor is believed to be the { statue of Pompey } at the base of which Julius Caesar was stabbed to death ( if so, the statue once stood in the senate house ).
the remains of the { Portico of Octavia } are now in front of you.
the scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about Rome.
the sense of perspective has been created by designing the length of the columns so that those at the far end of the colonnade are much shorter than those in front.
the site of the oblong piazza is { Domitian's ancient stadium, } which was probably used for horse and chariot races.
the { Palazzo Caetani, } still inhabited by the Caetani family, adjoins the Palazzo Mattei.
today it is occupied by the { French Embassy.
today, by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit, vegetable, and flower market.
turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli, then proceed along the Via dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei.
twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days.
wander past the three superb { Columns of Apollo } by the arches of the theatre.
when you stand before the barrel-vaulted { colonnade } you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance, yet it is actually only a few feet away.
you will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City.
you will visit a few churches that are exceptional yet often by-passed, a magnificent square, the main shopping district, the Spanish Steps, and the lovely Pincian Gardens.
your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains, its two churches that almost face each other, and its russet-colored buildings, is a sense of restful spaciousness- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk.
} as you approach the church on the Via d& Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the { Roman Theatre of Pompey, } near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated.
} go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace.
} inside you will find the lovely Sibyls painted by Raphael and a chapel designed by Michelangelo.
} it 's typical of Rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square.
} its lovely seventeenth-century ceiling frescoes, as well as the huge guards room with a tremendously high and beautifully carved wooden ceiling, can be seen Sundays ( 11:00-12:00 noon ).
} paintings by Titian, Caravaggio, and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30-4:00 ).
} the majestic circular tiers of stone of the { Theatre of Marcellus } give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B&C&.
} walk by the side of the palazzo and after two blocks along the Via Giustiniani you will come to the { Piazza della Rotonda.
} you are now facing the { Pantheon, } the largest and best-preserved building still standing from the days of ancient Rome.
} you will walk some of the narrow, old streets, hemmed in by massive < palazzi >.
#4.
EAST RIVER, DOWNTOWN: POSTSCRIPT TO A LETTER FROM HARLEM# THE FACT THAT AMERICAN NEgroes rioted in the U&N& while Adlai Stevenson was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans.
God knows what the African nations, who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U&N& were thinking- they may, for example, have been thinking of the U&S& abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking.
I find this view amazing.
I had intended to be there myself.
I know Negroes who prefer the South and white Southerners, because" At least there, you have n't got to play any guessing games"!
I know another Negro, a man very dear to me, who says, with conviction and with truth," The spirit of the South is the spirit of America".
I was curious about the impact of this political assassination on Negroes in Harlem, for Lumumba had- has- captured the popular imagination there.
I was curious to know if Lumumba's death, which is surely among the most sinister of recent events, would elicit from" our" side anything more than the usual, well-meaning rhetoric.
Negroes are, therefore, ignored in the North and are under surveillance in the South, and suffer hideously in both places.
Negroes represent nothing to him personally, except, perhaps, the dangers of carnality.
Northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury.
Northerners never think about them whereas Southerners are never really thinking of anything else.
Southerners see them all the time.
Stevenson stated, in the course of his address, that the United States was" against" colonialism.
Stevenson's speech, and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery, were both touched off by the death, in Katanga, the day before, of Patrice Lumumba.
according, then, to what I take to be the prevailing view, these rioters were merely a handful of irresponsible, Stalinist-corrupted < provocateurs >.
and I was curious about the African reaction.
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse.
and the second question is: why do n't those who now live here move out?
as far as the color problem is concerned, there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner: the Southerner remembers, historically and in his own psyche, a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him.
but I do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own crimes.
color was delayed until 1935, the wide screen until the early fifties.
each film consisted of fifty feet, which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen.
everything, thereafter, is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need.
had I been there, I, too, in the eyes of most Americans, would have been merely a pawn in the hands of the Communists.
he did not, as far as I can gather, find the South" worse";
he found it, if anything, all too familiar.
he never sees Negroes.
he was born in the North and did his military training in the South.
historically, the flaming sword laid across this Eden is the Civil War.
however, the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U&N& gallery.
in the meantime, generations keep being born, bitterness is increased by incompetence, pride, and folly, and the world shrinks around us.
in the second place, though, even if Birmingham < is > worse, no doubt Johannesburg, South Africa, beats it by several miles, and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world.
it is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult, implying, as it does, that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated.
it is a terrible, an inexorable, law that one cannot deny the humanity of another without diminishing one's own: in the face of one's victim, one sees oneself.
it is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict.
it seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes, comparatively, bought Cadillacs last year and how few, comparatively, were lynched ), or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ).
it was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death.
movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties.
neither the Southerner nor the Northerner is able to look on the Negro simply as a man.
none of this is true for the Northerner.
nor was it long, naturally, before prominent Negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the U&N& rioters do not represent the real feeling of the Negro community.
now, I do not doubt that, among the people at the U&N& that day, there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives.
one has only, for example, to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions.
personally, it is the Southerner's sexual coming of age, when, without any warning, unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past.
the answer to both questions is immediately obvious.
the climate and the events of the last decade, and the steady pressure of the" cold" war, have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination, and so it has been decided that the riots were" Communist" inspired.
the country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom.
the emptier our hearts become, the greater will be our crimes.
the first question is: would < I > like to live here?
the guessing games referred to have driven more than one Negro into the narcotics ward, the madhouse, or the river.
the resulting, indescribable torment affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern hysteria.
the world has never lacked for horrifying examples;
their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity.
they are two sides of the same coin and the South will not change- < cannot > change- until the North changes.
they seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the Civil War, and won, they have earned the right merely to deplore what is going on in the South, without taking any responsibility for it;
thirdly, the South is not merely an embarrassingly backward region, but a part of this country, and what happens there concerns every one of us.
this perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling.
unless one takes refuge in the theory- however disguised- that Negroes are, somehow, different from white people, I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability.
walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we, this nation, have become.
well, in the first place, it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is" worse".
what I find appalling- and really dangerous- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest.
wherever there is great social discontent, these people are, sooner or later, to be found.
#MISSION AS CO-OPTATION# The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations.
#THE CREATOR OF THE ART OF THE FILM: D&W&GRIFFITH# There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art.
( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition.
a congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership;
a crucial question, therefore, is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism.
actually, there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations, as we shall see in another connection.
as the robbers leave the looted train, the film suddenly cuts back to the station, where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor.
before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film.
but in general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself.
but no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies.
but this is deceptive, for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum.
central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations: ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes;
central city areas have become progressively poorer locales for the major denominations since the exodus of middle-class people from most central cities.
congregational membership, however, is another thing.
consequently, the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations;
great actors and actresses- the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera.
if economic integration really shapes congregational life, then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration.
if it were primarily a believing fellowship, it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks, something which most congregations of the New Protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do.
in about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker.
in all of this extensive and expensive effort, the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author.
in fact, a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the" impersonal" Roman Catholic parish.
in general, religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis;
it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship.
it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands cutting- both from pursued to pursuer and from stage to stage of the journey of both.
members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus, so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes;
moreover, residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive;
not surprisingly, this approach did not work.
not that there had not been attempts, mostly European, to do exactly that.
religious faith can be considered a < necessary > condition of membership in a congregation, since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force, but faith is not a < sufficient > condition for joining;
she dashes around in alarm.
staggeringly condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented.
that is, when it can preserve economic integration.
the breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches.
the central city areas, in other words, exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations: they have too few middle-class people;
the chase in itself is a narrative;
the congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group;
the congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood;
the cowboy films, the cops and robbers films, and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence;
the effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names.
the key to Protestant development, therefore, is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation.
the man was D&W& Griffith.
the phonograph today, for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound, is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera.
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the < sufficient > condition.
the simple, naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction.
the task of a congregation would be defined, according to economic integration, as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation.
the two events are taking place at the same time.
the vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the" folksy spirit" of Protestant religious life;
the vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life, where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform, therefore, to the principle of economic integration.
the" chase" as a standard film device probably dates from < The Great Train Robbery >, and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device.
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world.
there is much talk in theological circles about the" Church as Mission" and the" Church's Mission";
these films and these sequences are also seeking out- instinctively or by design- the peculiarly cinematic elements of narrative.
they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing, but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration.
they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents.
they survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers.
this fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.
this is what Porter did.
time and space have both become cinematic.
we have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers;
we leap from event to event- including the formation of the posse- even though the events, in" reality" are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously, and not near each other but at a considerable distance.
when he came to the movies- more or less by accident- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes.
with few exceptions, the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city.
you are cutting.
you are employing the basic technique of film;
< engages > must be loyal to the concessionaires, and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended.
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods, French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices.
British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French, and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe.
Diron d' Artaguette, the most prominent trader in the district, was energetic and resourceful, but his methods often aroused the ire of the French governors.
Fort Toulouse, on the Alabama River, had been erected in 1714 for trade with the Alabamas and Choctaws, but money was available for only one other new post, near the present Nashville, Tennessee, and this was soon abandoned.
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians.
Perier's intrigues gained some successes.
West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district, of which New Orleans was headquarters.
although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders, and even kill some of them, the Carolina advance continued.
an elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out, and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way.
but it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country.
but the Company of the Indies, holding to its program of economy, made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices.
concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors.
de la Laude, commander of the Alabama post, had the friendship of the natives, and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors.
dependent upon it were posts on the lower Mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of New Spain.
during his first administration, Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the Choctaw country.
during the first administration of Bienville, the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue.
each of the five principal posts was to have a director, responsible to a director-general at New Orleans.
for southeastern Louisiana, Mobile was the principal post, and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east, in the region threatened by British traders.
for two years his friend and cousin, Boisbriant, remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance.
he became, after a time, commander of a post on the Alabama River, but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district, and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade.
his urgings brought some results.
in 1720 some Chickasaws massacred the French traders among them, and did not make peace for four years.
in 1721 the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony.
in accord with its penurious policy, the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians.
in each of these there was to be a strong military post, and a trading depot to supply the smaller trading houses.
it decided, also, that the purely secular efforts of Bienville were insufficient, and sent missionaries to win the savages from the heathen Carolinians.
it was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of furs from the west, principally down the Arkansas River.
mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district.
mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River.
new Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi, and west of that river, and on the Ohio and Wabash.
on the Ohio or Wabash was to be built another post" at the fork of two great rivers".
on the middle Mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the Arkansas.
on the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia, and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri," where there are mines in abundance".
one was British and the other, French.
only two principal storehouses were actually established- one at Mobile, the other at New Orleans.
other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada.
protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded, and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company.
regulations for the Indian trade were made by the < Conseil superieure de la Louisiane >, and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body.
the < Conseil > even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and, on its own authority, sent to disaffected savages merchandise" suitable for the peltry trade".
the < habitants > were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires.
the Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply.
the Alabamas brought in annually 15,000 to 20,000 deerskins, and the Choctaws and Chickasaws brought the total up to 50,000 pelts.
the Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana.
the Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district.
the Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods, and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins.
the company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina, and when Perier came over as governor in 1727, he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district.
the director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods, of a kind to which they were accustomed, to supply the Indian needs.
the insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians, in order to drive back the Carolina traders, was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724.
the lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century, and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men.
the power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined.
the savages divided into two factions;
their territory lay to the north, near the sources of the Alabama, the Tombigbee, the Tennessee, and Cumberland rivers, and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees.
these agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods, and the prices charged the Indians.
these deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather, and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods.
they adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts.
they ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts.
they threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region, from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf.
they were to conciliate the unfriendly savages, and, wherever possible, to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina.
they were to promise fine presents to the loyal red men, as well as an abundant supply of trading goods at better prices than the opposition was offering.
to hold them was an essential part of French policy, for they controlled the upper termini of the routes from the north to Mobile.
to the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy.
traders from the English colonies were far more generous, and Indian loyalty turned to them.
venturesome traders, however, continued to come to them from Mobile, and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets.
" Smilin' Mike" was the sobriquet Washington gave him.
" but bring it right back.
" the trouble" explained Loy Henderson, then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration," is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing, it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do".
" this is where I get my information from", he confided.
#@ GETTING ALONG WITH FOREIGNERS# THERE ARE ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washington.
John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson, who was then operating the Senate, refused to let it become an Inquisition.
Menshikov hit Washington with a TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp.
Rooney remained untouched.
a newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked Menshikov:" what should we call you"?
a reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company.
an equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation.
an internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod, a former F&B&I& man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence, was part of the vengeance.
and that Menshikov replied:" just call me Mike".
armed with constitutional power to negate the Executive's foreign policy, the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back, or on the head of the Secretary of State.
at the State Department, hard-bitten Russian experts complained that the Capitol was out of its wits.
during Dulles's first two years in office, while Republicans ran the Senate, the Department was at the mercy of men who had thirsted for its blood since 1945.
during this dark chapter in State Department history, men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill.
each has its peculiar style.
finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics, Moscow resumed scowling and" Smilin' Mike" dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been stoned somewhere in the Middle West.
for a few giddy months that coincided with one of Moscow 's smiling moods, he was the sensation of Washington.
for three or four years in the mid-1950's, this complaint was heard rumbling up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon.
fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats, Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way.
he elected to" get along".
here are hatched plans for getting a share of the American bounty, the secret of the anti-missile missile, or an invitation to dinner.
here is the world of the chauffeured limousine and the gossip reporter, of caviar on stale crackers and the warm martini, of the poseur, the spy, the party crasher, and the patriot, of the rented tails, the double cross, and the tired Lothario.
his English was usable and he used it fearlessly.
in Senator Joseph McCarthy's phrase, it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of.
in any event, the example of Acheson's trampling by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to provoke it.
in the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around- friendly persuasion, groveling abasement, pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen, tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps.
in the new style, the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians.
in view of Eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was amiss in the Terror, it is doubtful that heroic intervention by Dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy.
into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle Uncle Sam in an infinite variety of contingencies.
it became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself.
news of the project reached the press.
newspaper punditry was inspired to remind everyone that Judas, too, had been able to smile.
next day, reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that, that year, expense allowances would not rise a dollar.
nothing worked.
one year the Department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income.
other embassies cable home < The New York Times > without changing a comma.
out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington.
overnight he became the most available man in Washington.
rumor had it that his children numbered in the hundreds.
so was the attack upon Charles E& Bohlen when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to Moscow.
some, like the British and the French, maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene.
speeches by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland Rotarians and National Press Club alike.
the Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate.
the Menshikov interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end.
the Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters.
the State Department was little help on this, or on much else about Saudi Arabia.
the most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs', and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians.
the principal mauler, however, was Senator Joseph McCarthy.
their old errors of judgment were equated, in the curious logic of the time, with present treasonous intent.
their successors, absorbing the lesson, made it a point to have few ideas.
they did n't.
they range from the Soviet Embassy on Sixteenth Street, a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories display house, to what Congressman Rooney has called" that monstrosity on Thirty-fourth Street", the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the Belgians.
this, in turn, brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control.
to everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the run-of-the-mine Russian ambassador than George Babbitt was like Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov.
toasting in champagne one night at the embassy, he hoisted his glass to a senator's wife and gaily cried:" up your bottom"!
when Ambassador Mikhail Menshikov took it over in 1957 from Georgi Zaroubin, he made a determined effort to change this idea.
when King Saud visited Washington, the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family.
where Acheson had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department, Dulles fed the crocodile with his subordinates.
where his predecessors had glowered, Menshikov smiled.
where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants, Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails.
with its power to investigate, the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees, as it did with Dean Acheson.
#NARA, OSAKA, AND HIROSHIMA# Mr& Nishima went with me on the train to Nara.
#TOKYO# On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by Masu who took us immediately to her university, the Japanese Women's University.
#UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO# After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria, the kitchen of which Masu had planned, Mr& Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo.
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding.
I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work, and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants.
I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little, after which Mr& Uno would arrive and pilot me around.
I know now why the students insisted that I go to Hiroshima even when I told them I did n't want to.
I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience.
Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture, clean corners, and work effectively in keeping a shiny house.
Masu is also teaching in a municipally-sponsored school for Japanese widows in Tokyo.
Masu's home economics training comes into play as she designs cupboards along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials.
a better world may yet come out of Hiroshima.
a new red carpet had been laid for their coming, but I walked on it, too.
about 100 of the most important items he had already given to the museum.
action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate.
active alumnae have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings.
again the plan was for me to go alone, but they would n't let me.
also, there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old- paintings, lacquer, brocade, etc&.
although the training is only for one month, it is intensive and thorough.
and he, being the eldest, was supposed to be a priest, but he chose to do differently, and one of his brothers is to become the priest.
as far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions.
at Osaka, Mr& Yoneda had to leave us to get the train to his home, but Mr& Nishima and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night.
at this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated.
but for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case.
but there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand.
even though we had walked miles in Kyoto that day, we started out again to see Nara at night.
even today there are some doubts about the value of education for Japanese women, but this University continues to grow and to send its students out into the community.
everything was in an exciting turmoil- full of anticipation and fun.
graduates of this maid's school are much in demand and can always find work immediately.
he had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them.
her education in the United States, not just in a classroom, but also in an American house with an American housekeeper, stands her in good stead.
here Mr& Yoneda met us after a three-hour train trip from the town where he teaches.
here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see, but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant.
here the women learn to keep house as maids;
in Nara I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon.
in any case, anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state, in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing, it seemed, a" high yellow gal" smooching with a white man.
in his big home live four families and thirty people, so it needs to be big.
in the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to Osaka to put me on the train for Hiroshima.
in the midst of a great busy city, people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light.
it is the second largest city in Japan, with about four million people.
it is true, of course, that the end or objective of this action was different.
it was thrilling to see the effect of an American-trained teacher on Japanese students in a class in Home Planning.
it would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which, for love's sake and for the sake of justice, must be removed, and, indivisible from this, to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy.
many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes, but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese artfulness in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns.
moreover, prudence alone would indicate that, unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed, the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs, leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company, or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as, for that matter, the Quakers, who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South, largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue, never to recover a large number of southern adherents ).
my train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a&m&.
occasionally they return for additional training.
one spot in Osaka I shall always remember- the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river.
our Masu is one of the very few architects in Japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs.
perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order, by threatening potential injury to its entire economy, to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation.
such a general boycott might still be a blunt or indiscriminating instrument, and therefore of questionable justification.
the achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General Rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should, of course, be applauded.
the house itself is 400 years old with all the craftsmanship of older, less-hurried times.
the suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South, and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy.
the teachers of Mr& Uno's school gave me a small gift to thank me for coming.
then the boycott would not be secondary, but a primary one.
there were no words to say this but there was no need.
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests.
they have model kitchens, a sick room with a model patient in bed, and a nursery with a life-like doll.
they knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event, and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people, who hold no grudge, but who also regret Pearl Harbor, I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan.
they learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family.
this day was" Open House for Parents" day, and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables.
this is a significant fact in Japan, for only a few years ago he would have had no choice.
we passed his house and school on the way.
< Time's > editor, Thomas Griffith, in his book, < The Waist-High Culture >, wrote:" **h most of what was different about it ( the Deep South ) I found myself unsympathetic to **h".
I am concerned here, however, with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South.
I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North.
I never heard of a poll being taken on the question.
I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking: do n't talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves.
I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe.
Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending, the invasion, and Reconstruction;
accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice, especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view.
all Southerners agree that slavery had to go;
also, among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems.
also, we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence.
among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors.
and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to Little Rock I believe the majority would have been for the Old South.
and if he is so scornful of the rights of states, why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support?
and no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia, which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century, bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown.
and social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy, if not sympathy, toward resident and visiting Northerners.
and the great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic descent.
and therein, I feel, many Northerners delude themselves about the South.
and this, in effect, means most of modern America.
as for states' rights, they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms.
belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones.
but apart from racial problems, the old unreconstructed South- to use the moderate words favored by Mr& Thomas Griffith- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North.
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who have n't.
but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one.
but in our case- and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration, nor are we given to emotional outbursts- the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more.
but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did.
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South, especially among those who studied in the North.
but these accounts do not show that Northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by Yankee-hatred displayed in social gatherings.
for one thing, this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed.
from my wife's experience and other sources, this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles.
his assumption seems to be that any such friends, being tolerable humans, must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views.
if he attaches little importance to personal liberty, why not make this known to the world?
if the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true.
in business circles, usually conservative, this sort of atmosphere would hardly be found.
in certain respects defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia of the Old South.
in every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country.
in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south, because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down.
it appears to be one of intense dislike, which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends.
it is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
my definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War.
no doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic.
nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category.
old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont;
or else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past, and are now at heart sharers of the American Dream, like everybody else.
poor where they had once been rich, humbled where they had been arrogant, having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation, the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country.
prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy.
probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere, with Georgia, North Carolina, and Alabama following along after them.
regardless of rights and wrongs, a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War-, great power have been, following conquest, ruled against their will by a neighboring people, and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike.
since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more doubtful;
so instead of being tests of the South's loyalty, the Spanish War, the two World Wars, and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion.
so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new, but with, of course, important minority enclaves.
the American liberal may, in the world of to-day, have a strong case;
the fact is due mainly to international wars, both hot and cold.
the long-settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering, and there the memory is more precious, and the consciousness of loss the greater.
the situation of the South since 1865 has been unique in the western world.
the social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area.
the strong feeling is certainly there;
their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties.
theirs is no mere lack of sympathy, but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism.
there are of course many Souths;
there seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it.
this is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination.
this, for the liberals I know, would be an understatement.
why, in the first place, call himself a liberal if he is against < laissez-faire > and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody?
" E" stands for" execution"- the moment a" go order" would unleash an American nuclear strike.
" readiness exercises" are almost continuous.
( since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent entity, it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order, something permanent and unchanging.
( whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world, and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects, are other questions.
) it is one of the ironic quirks of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly dissipating at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number ( approximately 100 ).
) the concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure.
Austin's nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking.
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming, where officers who wear sidearms are manning the" commit buttons" that could start a war- accidentally or by design- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons.
I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon, in the White House, in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater, with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as" Sherwood Forest".
Jean Bodin, writing in the sixteenth century, may have been the seminal thinker, but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood.
accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks.
almost febrile in intensity, the principle has become worldwide in application- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm.
already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security.
among the policy makers, generals, physicists, psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button pushers and their" hardware", the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call" scenarios".
are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster?
as an Air Force psychiatrist put it:" you can n't have dry runs on this one".
as evidence to support that view, consider the following illustrative instances.
both concepts are undergoing alteration;
but it is more than irony: one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is < because > it has spread throughout the planet.
but it is more than that.
by subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has, to some degree at least, broadened the capacity for individual liberty.
can thermonuclear war be set off by accident?
complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty.
does the surface hide a quite different picture?
each could be the real thing.
external national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations.
for it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit.
high-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision.
historically, however, the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group.
if internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality, then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism.
in fact, however, both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined.
in its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself- internally, against feudal groups, and externally, against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the Church.
in other words, nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application, both as to geography and as to population;
in the command centers there are special clocks ready to tick off the minutes elapsed since" E hour".
is anything being done to increase our margin of safety?
is there a different reality behind the facade?
it becomes a perilous anachronism when adopted on a world-wide basis.
nevertheless, nationalism and sovereignty are reputed, in the accepted wisdom, to describe the modern world.
only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men: the more highly placed they are- that is, the more they know- the more concerned they have become.
only recently new" holes" were discovered in our safety measures, and a search is now on for more.
operating side by side, together they helped shore up the nation-state.
reference to two other concepts- nationalism and sovereignty- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle.
that is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies, in which" popular" sovereignty is said to exist, and in federal nations, in which the jobs of government are split.
the breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led, not more than two centuries ago, to the surge of nationalism.
the content is not the same, however: rather than individual security, it is the security and continuing existence of an" ideological group"- those in the" free world"- that is basic.
the experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred, probably never will- but possibly might.
the former receives its legitimacy from the latter.
the hypothesis ventured here is that it does, and that evidence is accumulating validating that proposition.
the nation-state, then, exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty: supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control.
the short answer to those questions is" yes".
there is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks.
there is unceasing pressure, but its sources are immediate.
these fundamental ideas- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual ( internal-external ) aspects- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power.
they are preoccupied riding herd on control panels, switches, flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines.
they know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details.
to him, law is the command of the sovereign ( the English monarch ) who personifies the power of the nation, while sovereignty is the power to make law- i&e&, to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations.
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility.
to the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits, submarine compartments and the antiseptic, windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars, the questions seem farfetched.
today, as new nations rise from the former colonial empires, nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world.
what steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents?
while sovereignty has roots in antiquity, in its present usage it is essentially modern.
while the pattern is uneven, some having gained more than others, nationalism has in fact served the Western peoples well.
will the danger increase or decrease?
within their confines, moreover, technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace, thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied.
" I 'd wind up full of .38 bullet holes", he said, and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his coworkers.
## After that, it requires several minutes of concentrated work, including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber, each with another man beside him to help, for an armed bomb to be released.
( there are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged.
) but Wisman, too, does not know the go code.
I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one.
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care.
Wisman, below, would listen in and act.
a white man would not have seen it.
all three must compare notes and agree to" go".
as Wisman put it," They have separate pieces of the pie, and we have the whole pie.
at General Power's seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone.
at any rate, three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's go-to-war message.
at once the whole band set off at a lope.
but even the contents of Wisman's box cannot start a war.
each must match Wisman's" pie" with the fragment that he carries with him.
finally, avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground, they intercepted the rain squall.
for ten minutes they ran beneath the squall, raising their arms and, for the first time, shouting and capering.
general Power would participate in the decision making.
he bent down, a black cranelike figure, and put his mouth to the ground.
he had found a depression with rain water in it.
he must take it from" the red box".
he need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left, right next to the big red button marked ALERT.
his consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft.
in addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages, again in special codes, each message also contains an" internal authenticator", another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing.
in emergencies the SAC commander, Gen& Thomas Power, or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above Wisman and his staff.
in point of fact, this is a beige box with a bright red door, about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to Wisman's right.
in the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree, no more.
it has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it, it is not a lope, it is not done with style or verve.
it is a barely controlled skimming of the ground.
it is the gait of the human who must run to live: arms dangling, legs barely swinging over the ground, head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target, a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful.
it was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall, a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth.
now let us imagine a wing of B-52's, on alert near their" positive control ( or fail-safe ) points", the spots on the map, many miles from Soviet territory, beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets.
now we must become vague, for we are approaching one of the nation 's most guarded secrets.
occasionally, for no reason that I could see, they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot.
once we send out the whole pie, they can put their pieces into it.
sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction.
sometimes it was to skirt a gulley.
suddenly one of them shouted, ran a few feet, bent forward and put his mouth to the ground.
suddenly, however, their posture changed and the game ended.
the aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos.
the answer is a cryptographic secret.
the box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching klaxon (" It's real obnoxious" ).
the codes in the red box- there are several of them covering various contingencies- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof" unique device".
the games were over, this was life.
the pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman's staff.
their gait is impossible to convey in words.
their heads were in the air sniffing.
then the wind died and the rain squall held steady.
they all swung at the same instant in the same direction.
they are mere fragments, just one portion of preprepared messages.
they are supplied, a batch at a time, by a secret source and are continually changed by Wisman or his staff, at random intervals.
they ran for three hours.
they saw it before I did, even with my binoculars.
they went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow.
they went as rigid as black statuary **h six figures, lean and tall and angular, went still.
they were chasing a rain cloud.
they were studying the ground.
they, too, have fragments of the go code with them.
unless all gadgets are properly operated- and the wires and seals from the handles removed first- no damage can be done.
unless we send out the whole pie, their pieces mean nothing".
watching, they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land.
what these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed.
why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers?
with a lordly and generous gesture, the discoverer stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows.
" I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water.
" here, Idje, you fella like tabac"?
" that smell is something, eh, mate"?
" the buggers love shade", the rancher said.
" they swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other.
I turned to look at the lubra.
Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon.
Idje, here", and he nodded at the man," is said to have great odor.
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place, and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East.
a fly would crawl down the bulging forehead, into the socket of the eye, walk along the man's lashes and across the wet surface of the eyeball, and the eye did not blink.
as if the coating of sweat, dirt, and ashes were a cosmetic.
at the < corroborees, > when they get to dancing and sweating, you 'll see them rubbing up against a man who 's supposed to have a specially good smell.
at the heart of all of this was the square, which one such traveler declared to be" as spacious, as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe".
but even for them it remains a museum, or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb, a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead.
but that is a cliche and a dishonest one.
during the hottest part of the day, of course, the sun comes straight down and there is n't any shade".
every bone and muscle in his body showed, but he did not give the appearance of starving.
everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless.
he gazed away from us as we approached.
he had long black hair and a wispy beard.
he said sharply.
he was over six feet tall and very thin.
her long thin arms moved in a slow rhythmical gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her.
his legs were narrow and very long.
in spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared;
in the early eighteenth century this fantastic city, then the size of London, started to decline.
in time Isfahan came to be known as" half the world", Isfahan < nisf-i-jahan >.
it was a fortunate time in which to build, for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art.
it was a worker.
it was also subtly familiar, for it was the odor of the human body, but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed.
it was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye sockets.
like the man, she was entirely naked.
one's impulse is to say that the smell was a stink and unpleasant.
she remained squatting on her heels all the time we were there;
the Afghans invaded;
the Australian and I both were wearing insect repellent and were not badly bothered by insects, but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine.
the Australian asked.
the Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand, and spoke strange words from deep in his chest.
the Safavids fell from power;
the architects, the tile and carpet makers, the potters, painters, calligraphers, and metalsmiths worked through Abbas's reign and those of his successors to enrich the city.
the boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes.
the capital went elsewhere;
the desert encroached.
the man was leaning against the rock.
the odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines.
the ridges over his eyes were huge and his eyelids were half shut.
the smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant.
the smell is sexual, but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it.
the stink is all the same to me, but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded".
the tiny bodies, dropped onto a dry leaf, made a pile as big as a small apple.
the two children, both boys, wandered around the Australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work.
their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin.
there was also a boomerang, elaborately carved.
there was also a long wooden spear and a woomera, a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy.
there was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what.
there were two rubbing sticks for making fire, two stones shaped roughly like knives, a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent.
they had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground, the boys picked them up, one at a time, and pinched them dead.
they roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it.
they squatted on their heels with their heads bent far forward, their eyes only a few inches from the ground.
they think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor.
they' ll move around that rock all day, following the shade.
those who actually get there find that it is n't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight.
travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion: a great garden filled with nightingales and roses, cut by canals and terraced promenades, studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes.
we drove close to the boulder, stopped the Land Rover, and walked over toward the family.
" by observing the conductor", he says with a twinkle in his eyes," I learned how not to conduct".
< die Frist ist um, und wiederum verstrichen sind sieben Jahr, > the Maestro quoted < The Flying Dutchman, > as he told of his career and wanderings, explaining that the number seven had significantly recurred in his life several times.
Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career.
after he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor, at Toscanini's invitation, of the NBC Orchestra, he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America.
and it is expressed, at least to their taste, in a perfect form.
as he talked about himself, time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe, Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled.
as more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt < Kulturbund > Orchestra, which also gave guest performances in other German cities.
as we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel, his restlessness and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent.
at the outset of his career, Steinberg had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by vowing to do a Scho^nberg work every year.
because of the political upheaval in Germany in the 1930's, Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community.
because, like many other children, he intensely disliked practicing Czerny < Etudes, > he composed his own studies.
boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade.
did he come from a musical family?
during his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State Opera.
during these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany.
each mode is believed to have a specific attribute- one inducing pleasure, another generosity, another love, and so on, to include all of the emotions.
five years were spent with the Cologne Opera, after which he was called to Prague by Alexander von Zemlinsky, teacher of Arnold Scho^nberg and Erich Korngold.
for example, the mode of bravery to this anonymous folk poem:" < They brought me news that Spring is in the plains And Ahmad's blood the crimson tulip stains;
go, tell his aged mother that her son Fought with a thousand foes, and he was one >".
had he always wished to be a conductor?
he became Otto Klemperer's personal assistant at the Cologne Opera, and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor.
he had presented the first German performances of Puccini's < Manon Lescaut > and de Falla 's < La Vida Breve >.
here in these little rooms- or stages arched open to the sky and river- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided.
his London contract was rescinded, and now, he explains cheerfully, as a bright smile lightens his intense, mobile face," I conduct only one hundred and twenty concerts"!
his professional career began when he was twenty;
however, when he assumed the duties of a conductor, he relinquished his career as a pianist.
in 1927 he succeeded Zemlinsky as opera director of the German Theater at Prague.
in 1936 he accepted the leadership of the Berlin < Kulturbund >.
in 1938, at the insistence of Arturo Toscanini, Steinberg left Germany for the United States, by way of Switzerland.
in 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic.
in Frankfurt, too, he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which, in addition to the standard repertoire, featured novelties like Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony.
in Persia, where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or, for that matter, hardly any books, the twins run free.
in his native Cologne, where his mother taught him to play the piano, he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet.
in most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums.
in the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt < Kulturbund > orchestras joined under the combined efforts of Bronislaw Hubermann and Steinberg to become the Palestine Orchestra- now known as the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra- with Steinberg as founder-conductor.
in this true lover's tomb interred A world of love lies sepulchred > **h".
it contains, in fact, their whole outlook on life.
it is perhaps difficult to conceive, but imagine that tonight on London bridge the Teddy boys of the East End will gather to sing Marlowe, Herrick, Shakespeare, and perhaps some lyrics of their own.
no, originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such.
or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet:" < Know ye, fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth, That here, with dust upon his eyes, Iraj, the sweet-tongued singer, lies.
our meeting took place in May, 1961, during one of the Maestro's stop-overs in New York, before he left for Europe.
poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty.
seeking an obscure, dark, relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon sunshine, he asked if the soft background music could be turned off.
seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony.
she even devised a system of colors, whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values.
simultaneously, he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory, receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony, as well in the violin and piano.
soon he was playing in the Cologne Municipal Orchestra, and during World War 1,, when musicians were scarce, he joined the opera orchestra as well.
that, at any rate, is what happens at the Khaju bridge.
the Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of Berg's < Wozzek > soon after the Berlin premiere under Erich Kleiber, and the world premiere of Scho^nberg's < Von heute auf morgen >.
the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, William Steinberg, has molded his group into a prominent musical organization, which is his life.
the musician ran away from school when he was fifteen, but this escapade did not save him from the Gymnasium.
the singer simply matches the poem to a mode;
these songs ( practically all Persian music, for that matter ) are limited to a range of two octaves.
this schedule became too strenuous, even for the energetic and conscientious Mr& Steinberg.
through the Frankfurt Jewish < Kulturbund > he began to give sonata recitals in synagogues, with Cellist Emanuel Feuermann.
two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera, where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime.
unfortunately, it was Muzak, which automatically is piped into the public rooms, and which < nolens volens > had to be endured.
was n't this an unusually young age to fill such a responsible post?
when he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958, he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months," commuting" between the two cities.
when he started school at the age of five-and-a-half, he could not understand why the alphabet begins with the letter A, instead of C, as in the scale.
when he was eight he began violin lessons.
yes, the Maestro assented.
yes: though not professional musicians, they were a music-loving family.
yet within this limitation there is an astonishing variety: design as intricate as that in the carpet or miniature, with the melodic line like the painted or woven line often flowing into an arabesque.
" I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country, but now is working all night in order to support his family", he reflected.
" if you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars", he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury.
## ALL seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality.
## CAPABLE of enduring friendships, they were also stout controversialists, who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens.
## HIS political opponent and lifetime friend, Thomas Jefferson, achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence, but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia, his role as father of our territorial system, and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President.
## JOHN ADAMS took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor, Jeremiah Gridley, to" pursue the study of the law, rather than the gain of it".
## LESS dazzling than Hamilton, less eloquent than Jefferson, John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers.
## ON a military mission for his native Virginia the youthful George Washington touched off the French and Indian War, then guarded his colony's frontier as head of its militia.
Franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of 42, and for the next forty-two years devoted himself to public, scientific, and philanthropic interests.
Hamilton was bent over his desk, drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle.
Hamilton, poorest of the seven, gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's Cabinet.
Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack.
John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters, the British Constitution and the common law, and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence" to the tribunal of the world" for support of a revolution justified by" the laws of nature and of nature's God".
John Adams dismissed John Dickinson, who voted against the Declaration of Independence, as" a certain great fortune and piddling genius".
John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology, wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts, negotiated, with Franklin and Jay, the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President.
Madison once remarked:" my life has been so much a public one", a comment which fits the careers of the other six.
Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party.
Washington castigated his critic, General Conway, as being capable of" all the meanness of intrigue to gratify the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity".
Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best, plantation management.
accordingly, they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity.
and Hamilton, who felt it" a religious duty" to oppose Aaron Burr's political ambitions, would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint.
ardent, opinionated, even obstinate, they were amazingly articulate, wrote their own copy, and were masters of phrasemaking.
as Madison commented to Jefferson in 1789," We are in a wilderness without a single footstep to guide us.
as different physically as the tall, angular Jefferson was from the chubby, rotund Adams, the seven were striking individualists.
as first Chief Justice, his strong nationalist opinions anticipated John Marshall.
author of the Albany Plan of Union, which, had it been adopted, might have avoided the Revolution, he fought the colonists' front-line battles in London, negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war, headed the state government of Pennsylvania, and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention.
before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary.
certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years.
commanding the Continental Army for six long years of the Revolution, he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory.
during his two terms the Constitution was tested and found workable, strong national policies were inaugurated, and the traditions and powers of the Presidential office firmly fixed.
during the greater part of Jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow Virginian, James Madison, eight years his junior.
eldest of the seven, Benjamin Franklin, a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia, wrote the most dazzling success story in our history.
even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off, enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation.
he ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York.
he played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution, and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period.
he served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation.
he served as president of the Continental Congress.
his bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the Constitution stand as durable contributions.
his collaboration with Washington, begun when he was the general's aide during the Revolution, was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury.
his revolutionary pamphlets, published when he was only 19, quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders.
if Franklin was an authentic genius, then Alexander Hamilton, with his exceptional precocity, consuming energy, and high ambition, was a political prodigy.
in certain respects, their task was incomparably greater than ours today, for there was nobody before them to show them the way.
in others by business and professional acumen, as with Franklin and Adams, or, in Hamilton's case, by an influential marriage.
in taking account of seventeen years of law practice, Adams concluded that" no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I did" and" for so little profit".
incapable of self-delusion, the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave, and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty.
our successors will have an easier task".
principal author of" The Federalist", he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost single-handedly.
retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon, he returned to preside over the Federal Convention, and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President.
seven Founders- George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and John Jay- determined the destinies of the new nation.
strong men with strong opinions, frank to the point of being refreshingly indiscreet, the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds, and their agreements with each other were more consequential than their differences.
the Frenchman was astonished.
the Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service.
the active sponsor of Jefferson's measure for religious liberty in Virginia, Madison played the most influential single role in the drafting of the Constitution and in securing its ratification in Virginia, founded the first political party in American history, and, as Jefferson's Secretary of State and his successor in the Presidency, guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with Britain.
the young printer's apprentice achieved greatness in a half-dozen different fields, as editor and publisher, scientist, inventor, philanthropist and statesman.
their social status was achieved in some cases by birth, as with Washington, Jefferson and Jay;
their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but, rather, as Washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow countrymen, that" with our fate will the destiny of unborn millions be involved".
these Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social elite, the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed.
they fought hard, but they were forgiving to former foes, and sought to prevent vindictive legislatures from confiscating Tory property in violation of the Treaty of 1783.
they thought of themselves, to use Jefferson's words, as" the Argonauts" who had lived in" the Heroic Age".
this sense of moderation and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between John Jay and a Tory refugee, Peter Van Schaack.
to support his large family Hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service.
unlike so many of the power-starved intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day, they commanded both prestige and influence before the Revolution started.
when the Revolution broke out, he, along with Jefferson and Jay, abandoned his career at the bar, with considerable financial sacrifice.
while he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends.
Faulkner culminates the Southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been, or could ever be, done.
Faulkner traces, in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County, the gradual changes which seep into the South, building layer upon layer of minute, subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way.
Faulkner, for one, appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all assailants in this regard.
Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland, which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees:" our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence [ of urbanization ] presented to his senses.
Willard Thorp, in his new book < American Writing in the Twentieth Century >, observes, quite validly it seems:" **h Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched.
a new South is emerging after the post-bellum years of hesitation, uncertainty, and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the amorphously defined socio-political organizations of the white man.
a new order is thrusting itself into being.
all but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life.
an approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson's statement of the process of projective verse:" one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception".
and the success of such an endeavor is, as suggested above, glaringly rare.
another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre.
as John T& Westbrook says in his article," Twilight of Southern Regionalism" ( < Southwest Review >, Winter 1957 ):" **h The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South, already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry, should be left to rest in peace, forever dead and ( let us fervently hope ) forever done with".
as his disciples boast, even though his emphasis is elsewhere, Faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly, as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and Snopes families.
as the dancer is depersonalized, his accouterments are animized, and the combined elements give birth to a new being.
but Robert Rauschenberg, the neo-dadaist artist, has collaborated with several of them.
but they can hardly deny that, exaggerated or not, the old panorama is dead.
but they obviously mean by this, not a Negro personality, but a Negro < type >.
but, since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity, how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal?
even two decades ago in < Go Down, Moses > Faulkner was looking to the more urban future with a glimmer of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the South might be reborn and the curse of slavery erased from its soil.
for Mr& Taylor's < Images and Reflections > he made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer, and a girl's cape lined with grass.
from this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit.
he began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be.
he disdains external restrictions- conventional syntax, traditional metre.
he has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr& Cunningham's < Summerspace >, so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity.
he has made it his, and his it remains, irrevocably.
he is too deeply steeped in William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren.
he treats it with a mythological, universal application.
he went on to use objects- hoops, poles, capes- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer, who moved with them.
in each case, the object, the color, even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer.
in fact, he calls his productions dance-theatre works of motion, shape, light, and sound.
in the meantime, while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee, Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress.
it bewilders and befuddles him.
it is clear that, while most writers enjoy picturing the Negro as a woolly-headed, humble old agrarian who mutters" yassuhs" and" sho' nufs" with blissful deference to his white employer ( or, in Old South terms," massuh" ), this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as Caldwell's Lester.
just as the Negro situation points up the gradual and abrupt changes affecting Southern life, it also points up the non-representation of urbanism in Southern literature.
many earlier writers, mourning the demise of the old order, tended to romanticize and exaggerate this" gracious Old South" imagery, creating such lasting impressions as Margaret Mitchell's" Tara" plantation.
modern writers, who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects, insist upon drawing out this legend, prolonging its burial, when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century.
most avant-garde creators, true to their interest in the self-sufficiency of pure movement, have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors ( often black ) and to give them a bare cyclorama for a setting.
mr& Nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor.
no southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick, Dreiser, and Farrell did for Chicago or Dos Passos did for New York **h There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south".
not a single Southern author, major or minor, has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material.
obviously, such a Northern tourist's purpose is somewhat akin to a child's experience with Disneyland: he < wants > to see a world of make-believe.
on this trip to the South he wants, above all else, to sniff the effluvium of backwoods-and-sand-hill subhumanity and to see at least one barn burn at midnight".
or, clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops, the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a" finial".
others, less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times, experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet, painter, and musician.
perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing;
presenting an individualized Negro character, it would seem, is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle;
recently only Keith Wheeler's novel, < Peaceable Lane >, has openly faced the problem.
some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work.
the book concerned with the Negro's role in an urban society is rare indeed;
the creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience.
the dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol, begins to feel that it is part of herself.
the depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure.
the fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes, but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders.
the modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction.
the thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension: the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas.
the unit of form is determined subjectively:" the Heart, by the way of the Breath, to the Line".
thus Faulkner reminds us, and wisely, that the" new" South has gradually evolved out of the Old South, and consequently its agrarian roots persist.
thus, the avant-garde choreographers have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition.
to raise the dancer out of his personal, pedestrian self, Mr& Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger, environmental orbit.
while there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South, such men appear to be a vanishing breed.
with new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men: a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil.
writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man;
yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself: the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization.
yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing socio-economic order in general, and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact.
" We began by declaring that < all men are created equal >.
#THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CONFEDERACY AND FEDERAL UNION IN 1861# Many believe- and understandably- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede.
I think it is essential, however, to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject.
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one: whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live, or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to" anarchy or despotism".
THE NORTH AND THE SOUTH were in greater agreement on sovereignty, through all their dispute about it, than were the Founding Fathers.
[ his emphasis ] When the Southern States exercised their" right to secede", they formed what they officially styled" The Confederate States of America".
_CONFEDERATE CONSTITUTION, 1861_" We the people of the Confederate States, each state acting in its sovereign and independent character, in order to form a permanent federal government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America".
after the war began, he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union.
and any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether.
and so I would only touch upon it now ( much as I have long wanted to write a book about it ).
but though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union, the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11- nearly a month before hostilities began- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede.
but though the Southern States, when drafting a constitution to unite themselves, narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede, the fact remained that by seceding from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states.
dictionaries, as we have seen, still cite this government, along with the Articles of Confederation of 1781, as an example of a confederacy.
each performance may be different.
even so, confusion in this period gained such strength ( from compromise and other factors ) that it led to the bloodiest war of the Nineteenth century.
events occur without apparent reason.
he adheres to its dictates as faithfully as he can.
he issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union.
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag.
he may toss coins;
he must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap.
he must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other.
here are the two Preambles: _FEDERAL CONSTITUTION, 1789_" we the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common Defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America".
however, there is always the possibility that chance will make demands the dancers find impossible to execute.
if a work is divided into several large segments, a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance.
if the Union conceded this to them, the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede: this would destroy the federal balance between it and the states, and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union.
in his Message of December 2, 1862, he put his purpose and his policy in these words- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union: <" in giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free" >.
in homely terms whose timeliness is startling today, he thus declared his own right to secede.
it made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments, and among the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
it operated on, by and for the people individually just as did the Federal Constitution.
its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution.
mr& Cunningham tries not to cheat the chance method;
much as he abhorred slavery, Lincoln was always willing to concede to each" slave state" the right to decide independently whether to continue or end it.
nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty.
one is tempted to say that, on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two preambles, the worst war of the Nineteenth century was fought.
repeated efforts- beginning with the Missouri Compromise of 1821- were made by such master moderates as Clay and Douglas to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise, rather than clear thought and timely action.
the Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim, and most of the rest in substance.
the Constitution of the Southern" Confederation" differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects: it openly, defiantly, recognized slavery- an institution which the Southerners of 1787, even though they continued it, found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution.
the answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design, special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed.
the champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed, fundamentally, the united people of America, that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states, and that therefore the states had no right to secede, though the citizens could.
the difference came down to this: the Southern States insisted that the United States was, in last analysis, what its name implied- a Union of States.
the fact is that the Southern Confederacy differed from the earlier one almost as much as the Federal Constitution did.
the one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states, whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed, as clearly as language can, the opposite concept, that they were acting directly as citizens.
the only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves, the number of the dancers, and the approximate total duration of the dance.
the only important differences from that standpoint, between the two Constitutions, lies in their Preambles.
the other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years, and was limited to one term.
the other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance.
the people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles, in understanding of and belief in the federal balance, and in love of their Union.
the present issue in Atlantica- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War.
the sequence is determined by chance, and Mr& Cunningham makes use of any one of several chance devices.
the truth in their conflicting concepts was expounded by statesmen of the calibre of Webster and Calhoun, and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and Lee.
the" approximate" is important, because even after the order of the work has been established by the chance method, the result is not inviolable.
their President, Jefferson Davis, interpreted their Constitution to mean that it" admits of no coerced association", but this reremained so doubtful that" there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution".
their consequences are irrelevant- or there are no consequences at all.
then the choreographer must arbitrate.
these are not, however, differences in federal structure.
they recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest, and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of 1776 that" all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among them are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness **h".
this right of the State, its upholders contended, was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the Union government.
though his election was interpreted by many Southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the Union, Lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the Constitution gave the states.
to their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states, who therefore retained the right to secede from it.
we now practically read it, < all men are created equal except negroes >.
when it comes to this, I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty- to Russia, for instance, where despotism can be taken pure, without the base alloy of hypocrisy".
when the Know-nothings get control, it will read, < All men are created equal except negroes > and foreigners and Catholics.
writing to Speed on August 24, 1855, Lincoln made the latter point clear.
## Beckett's appearance is rough-hewn Irish.
## Nothing like Godot, he arrived before the hour.
American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic.
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose.
I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned, in a way, to commune with drunks, but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics.
I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions, because a man is not the same as his writing: in the last analysis, the questions had to be settled by the work itself.
I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city.
a meteor could fall on San Francisco.
and yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave.
apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears.
but to me Beckett 's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism.
could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me?
even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking, but where some explanations are possible, as with lightning and weather and earthquakes, the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated.
even so astute a commentator as Harold Clurman of < The Nation > has said that" Waiting for Godot" is" the concentrate **h of the contemporary European **h mood of despair".
he does not know whether to look up or look aside, to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side, to cross the street, or to continue on the same side.
he was waiting.
his letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday, and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve.
how and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study.
if an automobile were approaching him, he would know what was required of him, even though he might not be able to act quickly enough.
in addition, our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed.
in agriculture, for example, despite the advances in biology, elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the imminence of some natural disaster.
in child care, the opposite extreme prevails;
in fact, insofar as science generates any fear, it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise, which, until they are understood, create uncertainty.
in fact, the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding, and thus in this instance, science has momentarily aggravated our fears.
in some areas, the progress is slower than in others.
in the life sciences, there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease, in the mechanisms of heredity, and in bio- and physiological chemistry.
in the physical sciences, these achievements concern electricity, chemistry, and atomic physics.
is his a literature of defeat, irrelevant to the social crises we face?
much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and hallucinations and with death has disappeared.
my curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature, a Jesuit father, at a conference on religious drama near Paris.
my wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work.
nevertheless I was curious.
or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves?
our collective policies, group and national, are similarly based on voodoo, but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them.
our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise.
our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which, in this case, amounts to doing nothing.
our weapons production, our world prestige, our ideas of democracy, our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage?
perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease.
procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory.
small wonder, then, that we fear.
solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought.
that, I thought, is at least one thing I can find out when we meet.
the achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago.
the fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe.
the features of his face are distinct, but not fine.
the major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment.
the persistent horror of having a malformed child has, I believe, been reduced, not because we have gained any control over this misfortune, but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it.
the situation with regard to our attitude and" control" of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people.
there are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear.
there is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision.
they find deep pessimism in them.
this almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive, for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war.
we are forced, in our behavior towards others, to adopt empirically successful patterns in toto because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements.
we have staved off a war and, since our behavior has involved all these elements, we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it, since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective.
we perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect.
we talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles.
we use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as" trust"," cheat", and" get tough".
we, in our country, think of war as an external threat which, if it occurs, will not be primarily of our own doing.
what additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played?
what elements of our behavior are decisive?
when Beckett's name came into the discussion, the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett" hates life".
when confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others.
with the group of boys it is different.
yet we no longer feel uneasy.
" perhaps" stands in place of commitment.
" waiting for Godot" sells even better in America than in France.
" well, really there is none at all.
" yes, for they deal with distress.
" yes.
## Given a theological lead, I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays.
## The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays.
America is now joining Europe in this" mature" phase of development.
Hamm's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside.
Harold Clurman is right to say that" Waiting for Godot" is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection )" of the impasse and disarray of Europe's present politics, ethic, and common way of life".
I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays.
I have no religious feeling.
I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi.
I told him no, that I had had a very happy childhood.
Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is deeper.
as a Christian, I know I do not stand where Beckett stands, but I do see much of what he sees.
as a writer on the theater, I have paid close attention to the plays.
as if it were perverse to do so!
as she goes, she herself will be illuminated.
at a party an English intellectual- so-called- asked me why I write always about distress.
at the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination, but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark.
at the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old-school tie.
at the same time, he is plainly sympathetic, clearly friendly.
but do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with?
but there is also compassion.
but where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable.
didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide;
even Hemingway, for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in < The Sun Also Rises > and < A Farewell to Arms > never maintained that sex was all.
he knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel.
he says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern.
he wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood.
how can we make sense of this division?
if life and death did not both present themselves to us, there would be no inscrutability.
if there were only darkness, all would be clear.
if there were only the mess, all would be clear;
in classical drama, such problems do not arise.
is this life-death question a part of the chaos?
it is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable.
it is screaming at you even in the taxis of London".
it was at my first Communion.
lunch was over, and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us.
my brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died.
my father had none.
my mother was deeply religious.
no more.
on the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs: one asked for help for the blind, another help for orphans, and the third for relief for the war refugees.
once I had a religious emotion.
one day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs".
one does not have to look for distress.
so was my brother.
some people object to this in my writing.
take Augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld: have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology?
that is the play.
the consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America, but it is the consciousness that most" mature" societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture.
the destiny of Racine's Phedre is sealed from the beginning: she will proceed into the dark.
the family was Protestant, but for me it was only irksome and I let it go.
the key word in my plays is ' perhaps '".
the question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary- total salvation.
then he thought me more perverse than ever.
two thieves are crucified with Christ, one saved and the other damned.
when you pass a church on an Irish bus, all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross.
whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa, and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold.
within this notion clarity is possible, but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity.
yet it is not only Europe the play refers to.
" < Most > often", she says," it 's the < monogamous > relationship that is < dis > honest".
_@_ There were fences in the old days when we were children.
across the front of a yard and down the side, they were iron, either spiked along the top or arched in half circles.
alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head, but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them.
and yet- a year to a child is an eternity, and in the memory that phase of one's being- a certain mental landscape- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end.
another had ended before it began.
as Lipton puts it:" the Eros is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force, as a unifying principle in human relationships, than at any other time except, perhaps, in the mutual metaphysical orgasms.
boredom is death.
carried high on this" charge", he composes" magical" poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words.
every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor, and every yard had its fruit trees.
everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism.
for drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity.
from above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea: a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor, or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there, half-way down the block.
from high in the tree, the whole block lay within range of the eye, but the ground was almost nowhere visible.
from maturity one looks back at the succession of years, counts them and makes them many, yet cannot feel < length > in the number, however large.
front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle.
hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana, jazz, free swinging poetry, exhausting themselves in orgies of sex;
how is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses.
if he thus achieves a lyrical, dreamlike, drugged intensity, he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work- Allen Ginsberg's" Howl" is a striking example of this tendency- that is disoriented, Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control.
if it is an honest feeling, then why should she not yield to it?
if love reflects the nature of man, as Ortega y Gasset believes, if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love, then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre.
in a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water;
in his chapter on" The Loveways of the Beat Generation", Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details.
in the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub, snowball, rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead.
in the realm of physical sensations, sex reigns supreme.
no one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group.
nymphomaniacs, junkies, homosexuals, drug addicts, lesbians, alcoholics, the weak, the frustrated, the irresolute, the despairing, the derelicts and outcasts of society.
on these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang.
one beat poet composes a poem," Lines on a Tijuana John", which contains a few happy hints for survival.
one beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up.
one looked down on a sea of leaves, a breaking wave of flower.
others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals, heroin addicts, and smalltime hoodlums.
part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana.
sex as the creative principle of the universe, the secret of primitive religion, the life of myth.
she finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous.
side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses;
since the homosexuals widely use marijuana, they do not have to be initiated.
some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality.
square corner- and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage;
that was one epoch: the apple-tree epoch.
the magic circle is, in fact, a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm".
the mill-pond is quiet, its surface dark and shadowed, and there does not seem to be much water in it.
the new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity.
the only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree.
the primary quality of that view seems, now, to have been its quietness, but that cannot at the time have impressed us.
the professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction, but what they produce is unfortunately disordered, nourished solely on the hysteria of negation.
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all.
the women who come to West Venice, having forsaken radicalism, are interested in living only for the moment, in being constantly on the move.
their previous legalized marriages do not count, for they hold the laws of the state null and void.
there is nothing holy in wedlock.
they are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony.
they embrace independent poverty, usually with a" shack-up" partner who will help support them.
they feel they are leagued against a hostile, persecutory world, faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings, the police.
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail: high-pitched roof, pinnacle, and narrow gable.
this confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution: the craving for sensation for its own sake, the need for change, for new experiences.
this girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life.
this is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life, their search for wholeness, though their actual existence fails to reach these" religious" heights.
those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks.
time in the sum is nothing.
time is a queer thing and memory a queerer;
under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being.
what obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk?
what one actually remembers is its greenness.
who are the creative representatives of this movement?
" a miracle, a revelation, it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude".
a modulation described as" almost a stroke of genius".
again, the sufferings and disasters produced by any transgression against the commandment not to love are almost invariably associated in one way or another with childhood, with the figure of a child.
also he is a drunk, and has lost his job on that account.
and the action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction.
and the motion toward it brings disaster.
and this occurs now, at the refrain of Jacoby's song- at the point, in fact, of the name" Lizzy"-;
as the first sentence suggests, both roads belong to death in the end.
at the same time the multiple transvestitism involved- the fat man as girl and as baby, as coquette pretending to be a baby- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby 's, upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life.
beyond itself, also, it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work.
but it is characteristic of him, we are told," his little artifice", to be able to introduce" into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art".
but that is too simple, and will n't hold up.
but the fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago, and when we stood on the gate to look over, the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides.
but the highroad, according to the description of its traffic, belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death, while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life: a suffering form, an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death.
by the same means he perceives this fact as having communicated itself to the audience;
cows were kept in backyard barns, boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town, and familiar to the ear, morning and evening, were the boys' coaxing voices, the thud of hooves, and the thwack of a stick on cowhide.
finally, the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up, cosmetics, disguise, and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume, as with Cipolla ), are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories.
for the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby, at the moment of his collapse, all these elements come together in prophetic parody.
he collapses, and dies.
he is a widower, his three children are dead, he has no one left on earth;
his appearance as Lizzy evokes not amusement but horror in the audience;
his name is Praisegod Piepsam, and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in" Death in Venice", for example, who represent some combination of cadaver, exotic, and psychopomp.
in a certain perfectly definite way, the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same.
in the work of every artist, I suppose, there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive, ultimately emblematic of what it is all about;
it appears that the dominant tendency of Mann's early tales, however pictorial or even picturesque the surface, is already toward the symbolic, the emblematic, the expressionistic.
it had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since.
it is a spectacle absolutely painful, an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit, untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation.
it is particularly the artist ( Tonio Kro^ger, Aschenbach, Leverku^hn ) who suffers from it.
it is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and, simultaneously, his wife's infidelity.
it is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story, because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious, riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work.
it was mud in wet weather and dust, ankle-deep, in dry, and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones.
la^utner, for his part," belonged to the present-day race of small artists, who do not demand the utmost of themselves", and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as" wretched little poseurs", the devastating indictment" they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order", and the somewhat extreme prophecy, so far not fulfilled:" they will be destroyed".
love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes.
not less strikingly so for being mysterious, as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image, a single moment.
only slightly more, perhaps, than a newspaper account of such an incident would give.
opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step, set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse.
professionally a lawyer, that is to say associated with dignity, reserve, discipline, with much that is essentially middle-class, he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up, disguised- that is, paradoxically, revealed- as a child, and, worse, as a whore masquerading as a child.
so here.
something of this can be learned from" The Way to the Churchyard" ( 1901 ), an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure.
that is to say, to the churchyard".
that is, he is suspect, guilty, punishable, as is anyone in Mann's stories who produces < illusion >, and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature, technique, magic, guilt and suffering, are divided in this story between Jacoby and La^utner.
that this abandonment takes place on a stage, during an ' artistic ' performance, is enough to associate Jacoby with art, and to bring down upon him the punishment for art;
the artistic interest, then, lies in what the encounter may be made to represent, in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness.
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent, mindless sensuality and sharp, shrewd talent, cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which, however, does not know" how to attack the problem of suffering" );
the curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees.
the dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love.
the epiphany of that quivering flesh;
the first sentence, with its platitudinous irony, announces an emblematic intent:" the way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad, ran beside it all the way to the end;
the highroad, one might say at first, belongs to life, while the way to the churchyard belongs to death.
the hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses.
the horrifying humor, the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong, the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a whore dressing up as a baby;
the miraculous way in which music, revelation and death are associated in a single instant- all this seems a triumph of art, a rather desperate art, in itself;
the music which La^utner has composed for this episode is for the most part" rather pretty and perfectly banal".
the release, the freedom, involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible;
the specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the" breakthrough" in the realm of art.
the street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center;
the trick these two play upon Jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well.
the wife, Amra, and her lover are both savagely portrayed, she as incarnate sensuality," voluptuous" and" indolent", possibly" a mischief maker", with" a kind of luxurious cunning" to set against her apparent simplicity, her" birdlike brain".
there is no more" plot" than that;
this man's isolation is not merely momentary, it is permanent.
this prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art;
thus, on the highroad, a troop of soldiers" marched in their own dust and sang", while on the footpath one man walks alone.
we shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates.
when I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance, I come up with the following ideas, which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay.
I have chosen to use the word" mimesis" in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which, as in the Christian mind, are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience, which are not reserved, as in the Greek mind, only to moments of theoretical reflection.
I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were, but I noticed several a few years ago, during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg.
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N& V& Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages, one in American history, and one in the Far East ), and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with" deliberate speed, majestic instancy" ( Francis Thompson's words for the Hound of < Heaven's > pursuit ) by judicial fiat.
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding, for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail, is initially < given > in the way man feels the world.
Whitehead is here questioning David Hume's understanding of the nature of experience;
a Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change.
a chief characteristic of experience in the mode of causal efficacy is one of derivation from the past.
a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part.
a truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy.
a word taken in its dictionary meaning, a photographic image of a recognizable object, the mere picturing of a" scene" tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings.
after only eighteen years of non-interference, there were already indications of melioration, though" in a slight degree", to be sure.
artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons, however humble, in a divine drama.
as in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them, so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images.
as long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data, most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity, becomes an invention of consciousness, and the result is a philosophical scepticism.
at the present time, the counter-attack takes the line that there 's no more of the true < spirit > of" integration" in the North than in the South.
both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am.
but I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said," They make a desert, and call it peace" (" Solitudinem faciunt, pacem appellant".
but people can n't be made to integrate, socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law.
but with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in 1835 ), the improvement was impaired.
by what right of superior virtue, Southerners ask, do the people of the North do this?
by" image" is meant not only a visual presentation, but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith.
experience is not seen, as it is in classical rationalism, as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character, movements, and changes on the < tabula rasa > of an uninvolved intellect.
for over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them.
gone is the < tabula rasa > of the mind.
he is questioning, also, every epistemology which stems from Hume's presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy, and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world, not directly perceived.
he is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped.
here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent.
in contrast to all this, primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers.
in its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught.
in the first instance," mimesis" is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional designations.
in the pre-Civil War years, the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North.
in this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct.
in town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school, and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer, for one thing ).
it 's infuriating, this feeling that one is being picked on, continually, constantly.
it really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T& Washington had been going on.
it takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern, devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection.
later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value, but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience.
mimesis here is not to be confused with literalism or realism in the conventional sense.
mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience, in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself.
neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs.
our most elemental and unavoidable impressions, he says, are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own, which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future.
people talk about" the law of the land".
primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses, trees, implements, etc& ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities.
similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field.
the artist, unlike the philosopher, is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction.
the expression has become quite a cliche.
the images themselves, like their counterparts in experience, are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately;
the line is a pretty good one.
the mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials.
the most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings, both positive and negative: a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself;
the presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood.
the principal defender of this view of primary experience as" causal efficacy" is Alfred North Whitehead.
the traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North, to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue, to" show the world that" ( as James's Christopher Newman said to < his > adversaries )" however bad I may be, you 're not quite the people to say it".
there were more indications by the mid-twentieth century.
these are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice.
these desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved, some working for one's good, others threatening ill.
they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another.
they bring an inextricable component of value within themselves, with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality.
they did n't seem to be able to think of any.
this is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated.
underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed.
we feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or threatening.
what Hume calls" sensation" is what Whitehead calls" perception in the mode of presentational immediacy" which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy.
when words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds, when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves, compelling the observer into an attitude of attention, all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance.
" I scanned the world through printed symbol swart, And through the beggar's rags I strove to see The inner man.
" the man's true reputation is his work".
## New England, as everyone knows, has long been schoolmaster to the Nation.
AMONG THE RECIPIENTS of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English.
George W& Cable ( naturalized New Englander ), writing in 1889 from" Paradise Road, Northampton" ( lovely symbolic name ), agitated continuously the" < Southern > question".
Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface.
Heidenstam was born in 1859, of a prosperous family.
I do n't propose to go into their history, but I have one or two surmises.
I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart".
Professor Fredrik Bo^o^k, Sweden 's foremost critic of the period, acclaims it as follows:" in this we have the verse of a painter;
a Yale historian, writing a few years ago in < The Yale Review >, said:" we in New England have long since segregated our children".
all is seen and felt and experienced, the observation is sharp and the imagination lively.
and what a galaxy of those adorns that fair land!
and yet amid all the gay hedonism in < Pilgrimage and Wander-Years > is a cycle of short poems," Thoughts in Loneliness", filled with brooding, melancholy, and sombre longing".
as a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary, absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory.
being somewhat delicate in health, at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe, for which he at once developed a passion, so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad, at first in Italy, then in Greece, Egypt, Asia Minor, and Palestine.
but I think that something more than this is involved.
but can one, really?
but that was a long time ago.
can God be mocked, ever, in the long run?
deciding to become a painter, he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris, where he enjoyed the life of the artists, but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction.
equally a master of prose and verse, he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present.
few writers have better understood their deepest selves.
for though their people had very few slaves themselves, yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others".
he gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem," The Happy Artists".
he liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part.
he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights, and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus.
he was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools.
how did it happen, for example, that the state university, that great symbol of American democracy, failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country?
in a bold, sometimes careless, form there is nothing academic;
in one of his summers at home he married, to the great disapproval of his father, who objected because of his extreme youth.
in the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence, and for that reason he loves it.
in the early days of a homogeneous population, the public school was quite satisfactory.
in the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself.
in this final line, we have the key to his nature.
is it not ironical that Roger Williams's state, Rhode Island, should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university?
is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past, these institutions having previously been A + M colleges?
it celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum, next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence.
it is a lonely, rather desolate region, but full of legendary and historic associations.
it is true that New England, more than any other section, was dedicated to education from the start.
it may, however, be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris.
it was a brilliant debut, so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets, as did Byron's < Childe Harold >.
it was nice to be able to isolate it.
like Pilate, they had washed their hands.
new Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence, as Jefferson explained in his" Autobiography":" The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia, who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves, and who on the contrary still wished to continue it.
not so, he answers, it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal.
of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as" Nameless and Immortal", which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language.
of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner von Heidenstam, the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago.
on his father's side he was of German descent, on his mother 's he came of the old Swedish nobility.
on the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection.
one is that they were established, or gained eminence, under pressure provided by these same immigrants, from whom the old families wished to segregate their children.
our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures;
strongly colorful, plastic, racy, vivid.
the New England conscience became desensitized.
the family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Va^ttern in south central Sweden.
the first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems, < Pilgrimage and Wander-Years ( Vallfart och vandringsar ), > published in 1888.
the short poems grouped at the end of the volume as" Thoughts in Loneliness" is, as Professor Bo^o^k indicated, in sharp contrast with the others.
the state universities of Maine, New Hampshire, And Vermont are older and more" respectable";
the supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled, says the wife, her husband has achieved immortality.
the young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets;
there one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities, colleges, and preparatory schools of the United States.
they had less immigration to contend with.
was it supposed, perchance, that A + M ( vocational training, that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period, the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe, to work in the mills, to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West?
why should this be so?
## THE mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways.
## THERE is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement: Adam Smith was wrong.
## WITH the advent of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes, the development of the modern private detective begins.
Gustaf Vasa is a superb example, and Charles 10,, the conqueror of Denmark, hardly less so.
Holmes is a public servant, to be sure;
Holmes is addicted to the use of cocaine and other refreshing stimulants;
Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds.
Sherlock Holmes is not merely an individualist;
Sherlock Holmes, the ancestor of all private eyes, was born during the 1890s.
a brief list of the great detective's little idiosyncrasies would provide Dr& Freud with ample food for thought.
although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland Yard, Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police.
as a free-lance investigator, the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client.
as capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival, the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma.
as he informs Watson," My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence.
at the same time, because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society, because he likes to catch criminals, he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man.
but his morality rests upon that of his society.
but the society which he serves bores him to tears.
by virtue of his self-reliance, his individualism and his freedom from external restraint, the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty, which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost.
driven from the marketplace by the course of history, our hero disguises himself as a private detective.
especially touching is the chapter," The Little Sister", about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St& Birgitta.
even on the fictional level, however, the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved.
for this reason, he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure, whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine.
he catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ), but because he enjoys his work, because he firmly believes that murder must be punished.
he is a public servant but not a cop.
he is a recluse, an incredible egotist, a confirmed misogynist.
he is an individualist but not an anarchist;
he is prone to semi-catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln;
he is very close to being a mental case.
he is, first and foremost, a defender of public morals, a servant of society.
his eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom.
if he is good, he may not be legal;
if he is legal, he may not be good.
in short, the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur, the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare.
in the mystery story, as in < The Wealth of Nations, > individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin.
in this way, the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds.
it is from this unpromising background that the fictional private detective was recruited.
it is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story.
it is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective.
it was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place.
no client would ever think of asking him to do such things.
not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number, he ended by destroying himself, by giving birth to monopoly capitalism.
now, although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as Balzac, Dickens, and Poe, it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction.
of Gustavus Adolphus and Charles 12, it is unnecessary to speak.
on the face of it, it is because he employs deductive techniques alien to official police routine.
on the one hand, he does not work for a large agency, but is almost always self-employed.
on the other hand, the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases;
operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name, he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves.
some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural, as suited to the legendary background.
the basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal.
the birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal.
the curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior.
the individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct: he enforces the law without being told to do so.
the private eye is therefore a moral man;
the record teems with romance and adventure.
the rise of the giant corporations in Western Europe and the United States dates from the period 1880-1900.
these are suggestive of Selma Lagerlo^f.
these little problems help me to do so".
they for their part are convinced that Holmes is too" unorthodox" and" theoretical" to make a good detective.
thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman.
thus the transformation of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life.
today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases, but his primary function remains what it has always been, to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not.
unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good.
whatever his original assignment, the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime, usually a murder.
why do the police find Holmes" unorthodox"?
#NETWORKS ILLUSTRATING SOME SPECIAL TYPES OF ORGANIZATION# _THE COCKTAIL PARTY._ Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors.
( b ) A message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be relayed more than about six consecutive times.
( c ) Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command.
Alexander the Great, who used runners as message carriers, did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once.
_MILITARY ORGANIZATIONS._ The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war.
_THE RURAL COMMUNITY._ We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence.
a further regulation is that commands always go < down >, unaccompanied by statements, and statements always go < up >, unaccompanied by commands.
a military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command.
a point like < p > gets information directly from < n >, but all information beyond < n > is indirectly relayed through < n >.
all four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted, although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum, while < exclamations > having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged.
all orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks.
also, since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command.
and ( d ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank.
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground.
are few in number, briefly worded, all different in sound;
as shown in Figure 1, there is a connection for communication between every pair of points.
as time has passed and science has progressed, the speed of military vehicles has increased, the range of missiles has been extended, the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted, and the range and breadth of message sending has increased.
commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank.
even the officer in charge, be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general, is restrained by monitoring.
for the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers, then the" open house" system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door.
however, for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1.
if the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question, it has served as an exclamation.
in Figure 2, the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number.
in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors, a point like < f > in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader, while < e > and < h > would house the next most important citizens.
in contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more formal.
in spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group, the **f incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if < N > exceeds about six.
in the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3, the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior.
information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second-, third-, and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor.
it will be noted that point < f > has seven nearest neighbors, < h > and < e > have six, and < p > has only one, while the remaining points have intermediate numbers.
location theorists have given these matters much consideration.
looking at the diagram, we see that **f connection lines come in to each member.
next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making, network structure seems to be paramount, and without monitoring no network has value.
no questions, statements, or explanations are permitted- only commands.
of types of message listed in Table 1, commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3.
on the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure 3.
on this basis, certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes.
since the air is a continuum, the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net.
since the hazards of poor communication are so great, < p > can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes, a mine, or a sugar maple camp.
the assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are: ( a ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching, indoctrinating, etc&.
the commands are specified by the military regulations;
the completeness of the connections provide that, for < N > people, there are **f lines of communication between the pairs, which can become a large number ( 1,225 ) for a party of fifty guests.
the connective system, or network, is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective, and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory, a college, or a rural village.
the crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six, with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes.
the dweller at < p > is last to hear about a new cure, the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses, the one who goes the farthest to trade, and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort.
the information is furnished by each of the guests, is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves, and is received by the ears.
the monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence.
the need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling.
the number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of **f 55,987 men.
the numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors.
the party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another.
the same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal.
these assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top, six directly under him, six under each of these, and so on until there are six levels of personnel.
they also furnish proof that, in modern war, message sending must be monitored.
this is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility.
this monitoring is necessary because, on a parade ground, everyone can hear < too much >, and without monitoring a confused social event would develop.
this objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action.
this organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent.
this sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question, but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the questioner has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own timepiece or the one attached to his car.
this, and other qualifications, make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up.
thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system, but there is one weakness.
we assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only, as shown in Figure 2.
with troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground, it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication.
without monitoring, a military hookup becomes a noisy party.
years ago this was true, but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ), these restrictions have disappeared and now again < too much > is heard.
Adlai Stevenson expressed some reservations about this return.
DOES our society have a runaway, uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization, or a normal, healthy growth?
I saw a piece the other day assailing William Buckley, author of MAN AND GOD AT YALE and publisher of the < National Review >, as no conservative at all, but an old liberal.
I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal.
I will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year.
I will reserve discussion of it for a moment, however, to return to President Kennedy.
I would agree with this view.
Ralph Gabriel gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress.
and I would further note that they all- with one exception again- sang in one key or another the same song.
and almost the only" cure" is < early > detection and removal.
and here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above:" the paramount goal of the United States **h set long ago **h was to guard the rights of the individual **h ensure his development **h enlarge his opportunity".
and let me add Murray's new book as another symptom of it, particularly so in view of the attention TIME magazine gave it when it came out recently.
and the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic.
as symptomatic of the common man's malaise, he is most significant: a liberal and a Catholic, elected by the skin of his teeth.
asked which institution most needs correction, I would say the corporation as it exists in America today.
at first glance this appears strange: of all people, was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring" undeveloped" societies abroad?
best growth.
but I 'm not here to define conservatism.
but before I try to diagnose it, I would offer other evidence.
but hear Harrison E& Salisbury, former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times, and author of" To Moscow- And Beyond".
but it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise.
but the most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of < socialism > was conspicuously absent.
but there 's a subjective side to that utopian outlook.
but we cannot start off with a clean slate.
does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy, not to say confused, state of the public mind?
father Murray goes back to the Declaration of Independence, too, though I may add, with considerably more historical perception.
for it was neglected, not to say nascent, when the struggle began.
has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under Eisenhower?
have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living?
hence the prime issue, as I see it, is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind, or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with < its > own needs as a force of nature.
here there may be an analogy with cancer: we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth, determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth.
if we were creating a wholly new society, we could insist that our social, political, economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man;
in a book review of" The Soviet Cultural Offensive", he says," Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders, the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes, as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy and Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines.
in any event, whether society may have cancer, or merely a virus infection, the" disease", we shall find, is political, economical, social, and even medical.
it has moved on various levels, it has been clamorous and confused.
its refrain was:" let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation".
let 's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come.
naturally this includes all communication forms, e&g& languages, or any social, political, economic or religious structures employed for such control.
noting such evidence is the first step;
obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is, or rather, what it should be.
one of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election, I suppose, is that we, the majority, were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism.
one way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before.
only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having" outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes".
others invoked technology and common sense.
otherwise, we go on endlessly trying to draw the line, color and other, as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate.
properly mindful of < all > the cultures in existence today throughout the world, we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution.
should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us?
so an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation.
so in these pages the term" technology" is used to include any and all means which could amplify, project, or augment man's control over himself and over other men.
so we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs.
the Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the < unconscious > liberal, but not unconscious enough, to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism.
the contributors to this testament were all well-known: a former Democratic candidate for President, a New Deal poet, the magazine's chief editorial writer, two newspaper columnists, head of a national broadcasting company, a popular Protestant evangelist, etc&.
the earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise, sponsored by < Life > magazine, under the title of < the National purpose >.
the second specific comment was the report of Eisenhower's Commission on National Goals, titled GOALS FOR AMERICANS.
they, perhaps, gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University, because it was < non-partisan >.
this group is secularist and their program tends to be technological.
this is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise.
though, to be sure, we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment.
we are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth, not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today.
we have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted, if nothing else.
we must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies: otherwise why try anything?
what I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition- to see if we can predict its future course.
what I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals, or modified liberals, with perhaps one exception.
what is the common man's complaint?
> Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock, but probably he never saw a Jew, unless in some of his travels.
Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called radicals to the jails, in direct violation of their constitutional rights.
DURING the last years of Woodrow Wilson's administration, a red scare developed in our country.
Harris J& Griston, in < Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare > ( 216 ), writes:" there is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew".
Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails.
Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays, but borrowed them from old stories, ballads, and plays, wove them together, and then breathed into them his spark of life.
Shakespeare does not tell us that Shylock was an aberrant individual.
Shakespeare's wit and wisdom, his profound insight into human nature, have stood the test of centuries.
Thomas de Torquemada, Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition, put many persons to death.
an inmate, a former university professor, expounded to us, logically and clearly, that someone was pilfering his thoughts.
anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government.
are we better off for having Shakespeare's idea of Shylock?
but a Jewish heart.
but are all these works worthy of consideration?
but clarity is not enough.
but have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance?
but was he infallible in all things?
can they stand rigid scrutiny?
criminals, as well as model citizens, exercise their minds.
demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions.
despite the clarity of his presentation, his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre.
despite this danger, however, we are informed on every hand that ideas, not machines, are our finest tools;
does this help the non-Jew to understand this group?
have we not actually developed idea worship?
he appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done.
he could learn at second hand from books, but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit.
he sets him forth as being typical of the group.
he tells of his" Jewish heart"- not a Shylockian heart;
he took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone.
hence, the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion, unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe.
here we find stored the wisdom of great minds.
ideas we must have, and we seek them everywhere.
if any had escaped expulsion by hiding, they certainly would not frequent the market-place.
if living Jews were unavailable for study, the Bible was at hand.
it would have been unwise policy, for instance, to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman.
just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars, or even of Tikopia, and no senatorial investigation will result.
many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force.
merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration.
new ideas were dangerous and must be repressed, no matter how.
no Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater.
of course, there must be clarity: a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones.
our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time, despite substantial, well established competition.
rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people, his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories, < Il Pecorone >, published in 1558, although written almost two centuries earlier.
reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews.
seemingly, with an unrestricted flow of ideas, all will be well, and we are even assured that" an idea a day will keep the sheriff away".
so all-important are ideas, we are told, that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes: those who invent new ideas of their own, and those who borrow, beg, or steal from others.
studying < The Merchant of Venice > in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews.
that, however, may also bring the police, if the thinking does not meet with social approval.
the Jew was the safest victim.
the Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655, when Shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years.
the writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St& Joseph, Missouri.
then, not many years later, the Un-American Activities Committee, under the leadership of Martin Dies, pilloried hundreds of decent, patriotic citizens.
there is no justification for such misrepresentation.
they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page;
they are the most valuable of commodities- and the most salable, for their demand far exceeds supply.
they give strict interpretation to William James' statement that" Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself".
they seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new.
this hysteria reached its height under the leadership of Senator Joseph McCarthy.
this would make anyone crafty and cruel, capable of fiendish revenge.
those who would suppress dangerous thoughts, credit ideas with high potency.
true, ideas are important, perhaps life 's most precious treasures.
we scour literature for them;
what of his treatment of the Jew in < The Merchant of Venice?
who cares about them!
" I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age", the President had said on February 29th of the election year, ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term.
" my doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great".
" the Moral Creed" and" The Will to Risk" live happily together, if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn.
## By contrast, the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man.
about this man we had to think twice.
and for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance.
and if Howard Rutstein felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession, his article in the < Atlantic Monthly > accomplished a good deal more.
and in the context of drifting personal utterances we have examined, there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such evasions.
and though we can look back now and see their errors, we can look back also to the ultimate error.
and we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us.
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters.
any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen.
as a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place, the statement is an effective one: we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions.
at the national and international level, then, what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality.
because the responsibility for resolving the issue lay with the President, rather than with his doctors, nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure.
but by the time the risk was doubled, events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of influenza.
but it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history.
but the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions, and thus for imposing his will on the people.
but the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man, rather than a group of men, whether a group of doctors, a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion, or the masses of the voters.
despite three warnings, no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation, and thus his responsibilities, from Wilson's.
drifting through a third illness, apparently without any provision for the handling of a major national emergency other than a talk with the vice-president, Eisenhower revealed the singularly static quality of his thinking.
for the President had dealt with the matter humbly, in what he conceived as the democratic way.
for the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr& Eisenhower's original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting.
he ascribes to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do- has brought him.
he chooses to subordinate one to the other, sometimes reluctantly, accepting criticism for the lesser immoralities facts breed.
he commented- thoughtfully, a reporter told us- that it was" not too important for the individual how he ends up".
he gave us a simile to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running: as in the Battle of the Bulge, he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers.
in any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock.
in assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors, Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow.
in no other situation would a group of doctors, struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world, be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning, and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces.
in the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail, and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant, with what is sometimes astounding rapidity.
in this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears.
instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision, as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done.
ironically enough, in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury.
ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words, in the press conference held at the beginning of August, testified: that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country, unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation.
it forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed.
it is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President" ends up" during the four years of his term.
it is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr& Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached.
it recurred in the press conferences: the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone, one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter.
it was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction.
it was not to be resumed.
like Lincoln, he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him.
like Roosevelt, he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him.
moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him, he adopts a position that is morally indefensible.
neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence.
no consideration of risk urges itself upon him now: for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly focussed.
nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of < Life Magazine >, the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy.
only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked.
only infrequently did the situation color his thinking.
only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death.
so it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present.
the Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent.
the discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral, rather than a medical, problem.
the double editorial on two aspects of" The U& S& Spirit" was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small, reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land.
the portrait that had developed, fragmentarily but consistently, was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision inhibits, when it does not forestall, any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence.
the press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking, rather than his convictions.
these began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation.
thinking had stopped;
this does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been revoked.
we knew that it was, as reassurance, the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature.
what is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability, whether or not it is later confirmed, has become by September of the election year" a firm conviction".
when the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to disconcert his questioners, Mr& Eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more.
yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought, regardless of the consequences.
yet with a mind less shallow, if less sharp, than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him, he feels what he cannot formulate;
#UNANALYZED RESPONSES# ANXIETY AND DEEP INSECURITY are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition.
I am not making a clinical judgment here, for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the analyst 's consulting room, but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life.
I am suggesting that a case-history approach to the Oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller.
Weil identifies it as being" rootless", Guardini as being" placeless", Riesman as being" lonely".
a man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love, only makes us a little weary of man;
all of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work.
and it would seem that history is a witness to this truth.
and the anxiety it generates is misinterpreted as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status.
and the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story.
and when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence, any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence.
as a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history.
both are predictably destined to fail.
but a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic, and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies.
but a novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the < Psychoanalytic Quarterly >.
but this truth is distorted by its extreme application: the assumption of the separate existence of tradition.
despite the hopelessness of the response, it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself.
even the questionable features of the past are defended.
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial.
however, the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces.
if we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease, is n't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis?
in both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality.
in its defensive formulations, the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community.
in its dynamic form, it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force- the race, for instance, which unfolds in history.
incest is still a durable theme, but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions, and there is no better way to do this than that of concealment and symbolic representation.
is the Oedipus complex, the clinical syndrome, material for a tragedy?
it is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of Oedipus Rex.
it is a total situation that is defended: the" good old days".
it would seem, therefore, that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself.
its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces.
moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order, once the activation of change has reached visible proportions.
now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have prima-facie evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form.
now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward, but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history.
others call it" alienation", and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as Marx does ) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation.
reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole.
reactionary theories, for this reason, usually assume some form of organismic theory.
seemingly, order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions.
since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class, reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class.
since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze, it seldom is given adequate attention.
such a response, of course, misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence.
the basic truth in the reactionary response is to be found in its realistic assumption of the primacy of the real over the ideational.
the best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him.
the emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder.
the implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible.
the most reaction can achieve is stasis, and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself.
the point is that the reactionary, for whatever motive, perceives himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself, something which, consequently, he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference.
the problem is to remove the accretions and thereby uncover the order that was always there.
the process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual, while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs.
the reactionary is confused about the existential status of a decaying tradition, but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy.
the reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations.
the response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing.
the retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation.
their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change.
there is no selectivity;
these differences, in turn, derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change.
these responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis.
to experience them, it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it.
to this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers.
we can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man, Dostoevsky, a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman.
we note the use of rhetoric as a weapon, the manipulation of the masses by propaganda, the" mobilization" of effort and resources.
whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth, an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime, and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret.
when the reactionary response is thus bolstered by an intellectual defense, the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of unanalyzed reaction.
within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion.
within the individual the reaction has been called various names, all, however, pointing to the same basic experience.
within this context of spontaneous and unanalyzed responses to the experience of civilizational crisis, two basic organizations of response are observable: reaction and ideological progressivism.
" I arrived in the United States with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new compositions".
" I hated the war", he said," but thought I ought to go because I was, perhaps, one of those who had n't done enough to prevent it".
" I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end- for me", he said of the two years' output in Virginia.
" I truly smelled blood, death, heaps of corpses everywhere".
" fear possessed me, and the certainty of war", he has related.
" it was then I knew that they were making war against Man, the individual within!- who questioned things when given orders".
" we were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come, very pure and elevated", he has said," in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-1918".
## In June, 1940, Sergeant Helion, with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle, was sketching the hills south of the Loire River, when the war suddenly rolled in upon him.
Grigorss comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope.
Grigorss goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years.
Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works.
Helion did not realize it at the time, but it was true.
I played on it my secret songs, unexplained, passionate and peaceful".
a year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin.
a" Double-Figure", which went to the Chicago Art Institute, and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts;
abstract art was still the right path for him;
after a sort of death march during four days without food, Helion and his comrades were shipped by cattle-car to a labor camp at an estate farm in East Germany.
after a year in a studio on Sheridan Square, having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia, Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains, where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases.
and in early 1939, a" Fallen Figure" of very ominous character, which concluded his abstract phase.
and they had ( vaguely ) heads and feet.
and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors.
as Helion's work showed more and more nostalgia for the world of man and nature, the pure abstractionists expressed some disapproval;
at Stettin the university-educated artist, who had studied German, was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander.
at the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock.
at the time of his capture Helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at Woolworth 's in New York.
at this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked" as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement", according to Herbert Read," and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne, Seurat, Gris and Leger".
but Leger, Arp, Lipchitz and Alexander Calder, at the time, gave him their blessing.
but after war came to Europe, he decided to return to France, arriving there in January, 1940.
but he was" afraid of the future- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration, a functional art of some kind".
but his own work was evolving further.
but whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to" escape" from the real world, or simply to rebel against it, the < ordered > abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of" improving" things.
but, he held, instead of continuing as an" art of reduction", it must grow, must make a place for the contributions of the Raphaels and Poussins as well as for those of the early cubists and Mondrian.
during the 1920's the Abstractionists, the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers, and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia, or welfare state, in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place.
exhibited in shows in London in 1935, and in New York the following year, the new, more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence.
he had taken out first papers for American citizenship;
he himself did not know, as he said in 1935.
he was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions.
his canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be" Figures in Space", or" Blue Figure", or" Pink Figure";
his company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans, a few days before France capitulated.
his" monumental" abstraction, made up of smooth, metallic" non-objects" acting upon each other with great tension, won Helion much acclaim during the ' thirties.
in 1936 he decided to migrate to America.
in America, Meyer Schapiro observed that, unlike the Mondrian school, Helion" sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art".
in New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists, including Alexander Calder, George K& L& Morris, De Kooning, Holty and a few others.
in haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings: a three-panel frieze, with a flying figure and a fallen figure;
in recollection he has said:" natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head, but I would suppress them sternly".
in secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners' Central Committee, which plotted sabotage, planned a few escapes, and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers.
in the Stalag, Helion came to know and love his comrades, most of them plain folk, who, in their extremity, showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other.
in the last pages of the book Sibylla comes to Rome to seek an audience with the great Pope and to give her confession.
instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression, the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe, the wasting Civil War in Spain.
it is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of Cimabue's and Poussin's way of filling space.
its first apparition was a long, gloomy column of refugees riding in farm wagons, or pushing prams.
later Helion wrote of this phase:" for years I built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships- colors and forms without a name.
moreover, he organized the movement of his forms, within his rigorously shaped space, into highly complex equilibriums;
mother and son recognize each other and, in Mann's version of this legend, make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other, the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other.
the Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization.
the darkening world scene, at the time of the Munich Pact, continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia studio.
the extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold.
the play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions, whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating.
the worthy Mondrian, seeing these pictures, said in a tone of kindly reproof:" but you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition"!
they were, in effect his last testament to non-objective art.
very much the political man, Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of France and all Europe, whose foundations seemed to him more and more shaky.
when he was stripped, deloused and numbered by his guards, his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners' goods to be confiscated.
where would it all lead?
with those paintings of big constructions crashing down, he felt he could stop.
Augustus Baldwin Longstreet, a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states, published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle, in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat, and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters, he set an example followed by many after him.
Faulkner has found it useful, but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook.
Faulkner's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life.
Johnson Jones Hooper, whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will;
SOME years ago Julian Huxley proposed to an audience made up of members of the British Association for the Advancement of Science that" man's supernormal or extra-sensory faculties are [ now ] in the same case as were his mathematical faculties during the ice age".
Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods, but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully.
Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty.
William Gilmore Simms, sturdy realist that he was, pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans, to vivify the pale writings being produced around him.
a useful comment on his relation to his region may be made, I think, by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region.
actually, you could wish for some passion, now and then, but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought, you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm.
all we want from Dr& Huxley's statement is the feeling that this is an open world, in the view of the best scientific opinion, with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next, and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible.
although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition, he did not have Stark Young's inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society.
and George Washington Harris, whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature.
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor," The Big Bear of Arkansas", in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature.
as a Humanist, Dr& Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development, and one thing we can say about this suggestion, which comes from a leading zoologist, is that, so far as he is concerned, the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution.
as a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings, he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble, Arkansas, where no one had ever seen a piano;
as they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away, they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed.
but Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence, the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements, and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions.
but in looking at Faulkner against his background in Mississippi and the South, it is important not to lose the broader perspective.
but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling, and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article.
each man, that is, is both one and many.
even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners, one may question whether this will help them to live better lives.
even if people do, in a not far distant future, begin to read one another's minds, there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading- worth more, that is, than what you can read in good books.
evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic romancers, who deal in extravagant horror, to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century, and in particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists, Henry James and James Joyce among them.
for what do the utopians labor?
he can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself.
he is a Craig's wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call.
he is a dreamer of the good society with a plan to put into effect, and he is an individual craftsman with something to make for himself and the people of his time.
he is a parent with a child to nurture, here and now, and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world.
he is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today.
he is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age, and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed.
here, on a desk, is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions.
his earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers.
his repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach, but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him.
it may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard, for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow, who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society.
it seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one, but many.
it would be profitable, I believe, to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works, the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly, but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time, to Faulkner's time.
my intention, therefore, is not to say that Faulkner's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South, but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern.
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters.
one of the early humorists already mentioned, Thomas Bangs Thorpe, can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials.
others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe, creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen, the Bee-Hunter;
such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent.
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists;
such characters, with their low existence and often low morality, produce humorous effects in his novels and tales, as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris, but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers;
the chief literary antecedents of the Snopes clan appeared in the realistic, humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War.
the ingredients of Faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him, and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him.
the myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality, as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago, and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed.
the pamphlets are about law, the corporation, forms of government, the idea of freedom, the defense of liberty, the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions, the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization.
the planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published < Swallow-Barn > in 1832 and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature.
the thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological ardor.
the thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come, however, until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed.
the tradition reached its apex, perhaps, in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century, and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel < So Red the Rose >, by Stark Young.
their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South, even while memories of the war were still sharp.
there is another kind of ardor, a quiet, sure devotion to the fundamental decencies of human life, but no angry utopian contentions.
there is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry, who can contend without quarreling.
there is evidence to suggest, in fact, that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them- or to make them as indelicate as they are- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South.
there may be a case of this sort, but it is not one we wish to argue, here.
there would be side-conclusions to be drawn, of course;
these narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers, as a rule, and later found their way between book covers, though rarely into the planters' libraries beside the morocco-bound volumes of Horace, Mr& Addison, Mr& Pope, and Sir Walter Scott.
they have an ancestry extending back, however, at least to 1728, when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina.
this text from Dr& Huxley is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings.
what will be the final symmetry of the good society?
without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism, we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War.
you could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity.
Copernicus' achievement was to have < invented > systematic astronomy.
Copernicus, by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe, was able to reduce the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen.
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever < explain > planetary motion.
Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where, against the inverted bowl of night, some particular light will be found at future times.
a candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards.
a projectile shot up from earth returns rectlinearly to its ' natural ' place of rest.
additional philosophical considerations, advanced notably by Aristotle, supported further the circularity principle.
another contrast stressed when discussing Ptolemaic vs& Copernican astronomy, turns on the idea of < simplicity >.
as an illustration of the principle of simplicity the heliocentric discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be arithmetized;
because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would ( e&g& for Aristotle ) be incomplete.
being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine.
bluntly, there never was a Ptolemaic < system > of astronomy.
but none of this has prevented scientists, philosophers, and even historians of science, from speaking of the Ptolemaic < system, > in contrast to the Copernican.
but that one should superimpose all these charts, run a pin through the common point, and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ), this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses.
but the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest, nor rectilinear motion.
by distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence, and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles, Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies, which moved in only a perfect way, viz& in a perfect circle.
circular motion, however, since it is eternal and perfectly continuous, lacks termini.
he cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem.
he cannot, e&g& compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars, without also making suppositions about the earth's own motion.
he might even suppose the planets to move at infinity.
his problem concerns longitudes, latitudes, and angular velocities.
historical records indicate that Copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called ' revolution ', unaware perhaps of its historical importance, he rested content with having produced a < simpler > scheme for prediction.
if in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles < all at once, > while Copernicus never required more than one third this number, then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican.
in Ptolemaic terms, however, eclipses and retrograde motion were < phenomena simpliciter, > to be explained directly as possible resultants of epicyclical combinations.
in a < systematic > astronomy, like that of Copernicus, retrogradations become part of the conceptual structure of the system;
in light of all this, one would require < special > reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular.
indeed, in the Halma edition of Theon's presentation of the < Hypotheses > there is a chart setting out ( under six distinct headings ) otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions.
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen".
it is covered ( partly ) with water, air is atop of that.
it is engendered by confounding the Aristotelian cosmology in the < Almagest > with the geocentric astronomy.
it is never motion towards something.
it is often stated that Copernican astronomy is ' simpler ' than Ptolemaic.
it is the chief merit in Copernicus' work that all his planetary calculations are < interdependent >.
it must, apparently, be motion without termini.
let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy.
no attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( < a la > Aristotle ), these independent predicting-machines.
now what is perfect motion?
only imcomplete, imperfect things move towards what they lack.
or angular?
or oviform?
perfect, complete entities, if they move at all, do not move towards what they lack.
pure fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens.
so when textbooks, like that of Baker set out drawings of the ' Ptolemaic System ', complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents, we have nothing but a misleading 20,th-century idea of what never existed historically.
some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former.
the < Almagest > and the < Hypotheses > outline Ptolemy's conception of his own task as the provision of computational tables, independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary perturbations.
the distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master, beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth.
the stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth.
their motion will be eternal and perfect.
there were no reasons for such suppositions then.
they all have this in common: the earth is situated near the center of the deferent.
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable, local planetary motions.
they move only in accordance with what is in their natures.
this gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements.
this is a mistake.
this is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions.
this is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy.
this, conjoined with the considerations above, made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact.
thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe.
thus, Margenau remarks:" a large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations, but otherwise the [ Ptolemaic ] system served well and with quantitative precision.
thus, circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence.
to return now to the four-element physics, a mixture of muddy, frothy water will, when standing in a jar, separate out with earth at the bottom, water on top, and the air on top of that.
when combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum, it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios, celestial bodies will be of a subtle, quickened, ethereal existence, in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary.
why, for example, should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical?
without careful qualification this can be misleading.
#1880s:" LITTLE WOMEN"#" WE 'VE GOT Father and Mother and each other **h" said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott's < Little Women;
> and," I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world", burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family, which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight;
Adele, like Amy, the youngest of the Marches, was the rebellious, mischievous, rather calculating and ambitious one.
Adler, Judge Sulzberger's nephew, came to study Assyriology.
Bertha Szold was more like Meg, the eldest March girl, who" learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home, her highest honor the art of ruling it, not as a queen, but a wise wife and mother".
Bertha, blue-eyed like Mamma, was from the start her mother's daughter, destined for her mother's role in life.
Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March, although Jo was not the eldest sister.
Henrietta, however, was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother, Morris, who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa, when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe.
I am an attorney, not an instrument of vengeance".
Joseph Jastrow, the younger son of the distinguished rabbi, Marcus Jastrow, was a friendly, round-faced fellow with a little mustache, whose field was psychology, and who was also a punster and a jolly tease.
Sadie studied piano;
Sadie, like Beth March, suffered ill health- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart- but that never dampened her spirits.
a comedy in Three Acts", in which, under" Personages", Henrietta appeared as" A Schoolmarm", and Bertha, who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been, appeared as" < Dummkopf >".
a smart, shrewd and ambitious young man, well connected, and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people, he was bound to go far.
almost from that day, until his death, Olgivanna was to stay at his side;
and bright though they all were, they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa, whose mind- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were.
and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture.
and in her forthright way, Henrietta, who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness" to think of men as the privileged" and" women as submissive and yielding", felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair, as well as on the radical reforms of Dr& Wise of Hebrew Union College- until once, in sheer desperation, he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything.
and just as" Laurie" Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March, who found him immature by her high standards, and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy, so Joe Jastrow, who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins, had to content himself with her younger sister, pretty Rachel.
and like Jo March, who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in" lovering" before herself, Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors, Rachel by Joe Jastrow, and Sadie by Max Lo^bl, a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi.
and she recited" Hector's Farewell to Andromache" most movingly, to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia, where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore.
and the Szold family, as it developed, bore a striking resemblance to the Marches.
and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality, he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta, in whom he was really interested, but to all the Szold girls and Mamma.
and when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do, Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did.
and" Marmee" March, like Sophie Szold, was the competent manager of her brood of girls, of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds' five.
and, as in the March home, any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them.
at last her lawyer, Arthur D& Cloud, gave up the case because she turned down three successive settlements he arranged.
besides, Miss Henrietta- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing;
both these youths, who greatly admired Henrietta, were somewhat younger than she, as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys, who were then studying medicine;
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian.
but both were high-spirited and vivacious, both had tempers to control, both loved languages, especially English and German, both were good teachers and wrote for publication.
but every time I suggested this to her, Mrs& Wright turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr& Wright.
but that did not prevent him from writing more long letters, or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable, lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street.
but the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls.
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying, both for Wright and his Montenegrin lady.
cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client:" I wanted to be a lawyer, and Mrs& Wright wanted me to be an avenging angel.
each was her mother's assistant and confidante;
even so, many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem inordinately severe.
flocks of writs, attachments, and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air.
for Rachel, conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones- there was no particular March counterpart;
from Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow.
his father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold, and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while.
it must be granted that the flouting of convention, no matter how well intentioned one may be, is sure to lead to trouble, or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval.
mr& March, like Benjamin Szold, was a clergyman, although of an indeterminate denomination;
mrs& Wright is without funds.
neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo, who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name, which, like Henrietta's, was the feminine form of a boy's name.
no wonder Wright was enchanted- no two better suited people ever met.
olgivanna- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address- was not only attractive but shrewd, durable, sensible, and smart.
one thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself.
played Chopin in the" Soiree Musicale of Mr& Guthrie's Pupils";
reporters began to trail Miriam everywhere, and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his doings.
she could not resist the opportunity" of showing her superiority in argument over a man" which she had remarked as one of the" feminine follies" of Sara Sullam;
she wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments, like" Oh, What Fun!
so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald, and Joe Jastrow- the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta, and signed himself Joe- fell in love with pretty sister Rachel.
so I got out.
the Szolds, like the Marches, enjoyed and loved living together, even in troubled times;
the distracted Miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative, then change her mind and make another attack on Wright as a person.
the first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case.
their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty: Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for.
this included Mamma, jolly, generous, and pretty, with whom they all fell in love, just as Papa had first fallen in love with < her > Mamma before he chose her;
this time he was making no mistake.
unlike his younger brother, Joe, he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as" My dear friend", although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style.
when her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism, Sadie learned to write with her left hand.
young Morris, who, while attending the University of Pennsylvania, also taught and edited a paper, found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest, from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of" Sulamith" on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati.
" Volstead laws, speed laws, divorce laws", he said," as they now stand, demoralize the individual, make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another, and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd.
## YOU PROBABLY WOULD NOT REMEMBER, SINCE YOU NEVER seemed to remember even the same moments as I, much less their intensity, one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm.
), I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion.
I can see us now.
I do not suppose you ever heard of F& Scott Fitzgerald, living or dead, and moreover I do not suppose that, even if you had, his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval.
I fled, however, not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom- in the sense you meant the word" things"- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite, I may now say, the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle, yes, on principle, and in cold blood ) because I was resolved, as a modern woman, not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat.
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal.
I realize, in taking this stand, just what it means to me and mine".
I recoil from the very thought.
Miriam said that she must be assured that" that other woman, Olga, will not be in luxury while I am scraping along".
Miriam sniffed at this, and complained that Wright had said unkind things about her to reporters.
although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of, nor was it for yachts, sports cars, tall drinks, and swimming pools, nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned, I too was burning and watching myself burn.
and according to them, whatever one fancies one feels, what one feels in fact is the opposite.
at the same time, I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign, since theirs is a science of paradox: if one hates, they say it is because one loves;
besides, that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood.
but I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will.
but Wright stayed in the United States.
but all this, I am well aware, is the < bel canto > of love, and although I have always liked to think that it was to the < bel canto > and to that alone that I listened, I know well enough that it was not.
but he was no man in the moon to me.
but it could also be looked at from the other end of the spectrum.
but what you could not know, of course, was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come, if not of age, then into a bright, taut semblance of it.
for pride's sake, I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul.
from her California headquarters, Miriam fired back," I shall never divorce Mr& Wright, to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff".
he might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him.
he said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all harrassment could be brought to an end, and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about.
here Wright gave a slight sigh of weariness, and continued," It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people, making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me".
his mentioning of Japan and Holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking.
his reply was," Everything that has been printed derogatory to you, purporting to have come from me, was a betrayal, and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned".
if I am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love, I will have to stop trying to emulate the transcendant nightingale.
if Mrs& Wright does n't accept the terms in the morning, I 'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland, to do what I can.
if one bullies, they say it is because one is afraid;
if one shuns, they say it is because one desires;
if you had screamed right there in the street where we stood, I could not have felt more fear.
in a few weeks Miriam made another sortie at Taliesin, but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates.
in any case, Miss Millay's sweet-throated bitterness, her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love, her constant and wonderfully tragic posture, so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props, drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea.
it was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming, elegiac candle of Edna St& Vincent Millay's, that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us, but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening, let alone the night.
just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love, memory, displeased at being asked to yield its unsavory secrets, dashed ahead of me, calling back over its shoulder:" skip it.
more likely, you simply told yourself, as you handed us the book, that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation.
neither his appetites, his exacerbations, nor his despair were kin to yours.
next day, word came that Miriam was not going through with the divorce;
no matter what troubles might betide him, this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land.
nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not" compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills, useless hotel bills, and useless doctor's bills", he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris, as she preferred.
one can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend;
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul.
one could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle.
one should not, of course, pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on.
only what else was she singing but the old Song of Songs, that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such unfailing response upon young nerves?
perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us, temporarily anyway, the sleeping poet, and in poets can discover their immortality, is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest?
perhaps this is not so little.
said:" there are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself".
the Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chambers in Madison to give information on Wright's ability to meet the terms.
the flame was simply of a different kind.
then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending, and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty, with the understanding that Wright would not contest it.
there is another side of love, more nearly symbolized by the croak of the mating capercailzie, or better still perhaps by the mute antics of the slug.
this exhausted Wright's patience, and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a Madison hotel suite.
we had been walking quite briskly, for despite your being so small and me so tall, your stride in those days could easily match mine.
we had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display, when you suddenly turned to me, looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats, and with your nervous" ahem"!
well, normally abnormal or normally normal, neurotic or merely fastidious ( do the tea-leaf readers, by the way, allow psyches to have moral taste?
what I fled from was my fear of what, unwittingly, you might betray, without meaning to, about my father and yourself.
what irritated Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made, which he considered she would accept" when she tires of publicity".
whether you experienced the passion of desire I have, of course, no way of knowing, nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know, for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest, more scandalizing, more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger.
while my memory holds with relentless tenacity, as I cannot too often stress, to my wrongs, when it comes to my shames, it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them.
with scarcely a mumble of excuse, I fled.
yet this passion for passion, now that I look back on it with passion spent, seems somewhat overblown and operatic, though as a diva Miss Millay perfectly controlled her notes.
" I felt that I must devote myself to the ' outside ' world".
" but after introductions he asked: ' Carl Sandburg?
" he chose one from Mr& Miller's window, a plain guitar with no fancy polish.
" he wanted Mr& Sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop, but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully.
" mr& Miller was in the shop", the < Herald Tribune > story related," but was reluctant to have anybody's picture taken inside, because his business was too ' confidential ' for pictures.
" my mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian- and eventually I became Paula".
" preferably", said Carl," one battered and worn, such as might be found in a pawnshop".
" this is no place for a young girl", he said.
" you are the ' Peoples ' Poet'" was her appraisal in 1908, and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career.
#"AH, DID YOU ONCE SEE SHELLEY PLAIN"?# The impression you get from Carl Sandburg's home is one of laughter and happiness;
#a KNOWLEDGEABLE CELEBRITY# When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity, Carl said," A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity".
' Kalamazoo guitars ', he said, ' used by radio hillbilly singers '.
( two years ago the photography editor of < Vogue > magazine titled his article about Steichen," The World's Greatest Photographer".
) by the time Lilian had been graduated from public school, her parents were doing quite well.
Carl has been married to Paula for fifty-three years, and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife.
Carl thought the question over slowly and answered:" I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation, I know that".
Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking," Carl, have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts"?
Lilian Steichen was an exceptional student.
Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in 1916, Sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the < Day Book > and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants.
Paula was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel.
Paula's older brother is Edward Steichen, a talented artist and, for the past half-century, one of the world's eminent photographers.
and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present.
another is a bubble of a bauble".
as the Sandburg goat herd increased, she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them.
but her father was not enthusiastic about sending young Paula to high school.
but neither was Lilian her baptismal name.
even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts.
he walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley.
her clothes, her hair, everything about her is both graceful and simple.
her mother called her Paus 'l, a Luxemburg endearment meaning" pussycat".
her mother was a good manager and established a millinery business in Milwaukee.
her parents, pious Roman Catholics, christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen.
if there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion, it was now dispelled.
in answer to a < New York Times > query on what is fame (" Thoughts on Fame", October 23, 1960 ), Carl said:" fame is a figment of a pigment.
it changes with every generation.
it comes and goes.
it is a dedication which began the moment she met Carl.
mr& Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one.
mrs& Sandburg received a Phi Beta Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met Sandburg.
one fame is precious and luminous;
she designed and supervised the building of the Harbert, Michigan, house, most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder.
she had come to a decision.
she has rarely been photographed with him and, except for Carl's seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in Chicago in 1953, she has not attended the dozens of banquets, functions, public appearances, and dinners honoring him- all of this upon her insistence.
she has shared her husband's greatness, but only within the confines of their home;
she has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
she is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist, but a good architect.
she knelt out of reverence for having read the < Meditations > of St& Augustine.
she read everything else she could get her hands on, including an article ( she thinks it was in the < Atlantic Monthly > ) by Mark Twain on" White Slavery".
she was born Lilian Steichen, her parents immigrants from Luxemburg.
she was pious, too, once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday, despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl.
some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula, a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since.
that was all he had to say.
that was all he said, Lewis reports.
the only way to describe Paula Sandburg is to say she is beautiful in a Grecian sense.
the parents compromised, however, on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London, Ontario.
there never were two fames alike.
they went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of 1162 Sixth Avenue.
this family of Luxemburg immigrants, in fact, produced two exceptional children.
this has always been Carl's attitude.
through all these years, Mrs& Sandburg has pointedly avoided the limelight.
well < you > can pose inside'.
when erosion threatened the foundation of their home in Harbert, Paula Sandburg planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away.
when fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly.
while the picture was taken, Mr& Miller's disposition to be generous to Mr& Sandburg increased to the point where he advised, ' I will n't even charge you the one dollar rental fee '".
## As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength.
## The accomplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual, intellectual, and economic sinews of American life.
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history.
America possesses an enormous defense power.
I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements.
I believe it deficient in certain particulars.
a year ago, when I met with you, the nation was emerging from an economic downturn, even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful.
among current problems that require solutions, participated in by citizens as well as government, are: the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate;
and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek.
but I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States, except in defense, will never turn loose this destructive power.
but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind.
by extending this help, we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner.
during the past year, our long-range striking power, unmatched today in manned bombers, has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory.
fifth, we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law.
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft;
fourth, in the meantime, it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth.
from all reports so far received, its performance conformed to the high standards I have just described.
here, he openly attacked Bang-Jensen and referred to his" aberrant conduct".
if we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement, we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom.
in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law.
in fourteen recent test launchings, at ranges of five thousand miles, < Atlas > has been striking on an average within two miles of the target.
in one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees.
in the course of its inquiry, it took testimony from only seven witnesses.
incidentally, there was an < Atlas > firing last night.
it also implied that Paul Bang-Jensen had been irresponsible.
it heard Bang-Jensen twice and his lawyer, Adolf A& Berle, Jr&, once.
it is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support.
it is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength.
it is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise, even though we might sustain great losses, would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction.
its second press release was on January 15, 1958, and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed.
moreover, I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies.
next I refer to our program in space exploration, which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development.
no matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace, we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction.
no more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined.
on January 18, Ernest Gross conducted a press conference at the U&N& lasting an hour.
on January 24 Paul Bang-Jensen, accompanied by Adolf Berle, was met by Dragoslav Protitch and Colonel Frank Begley, former Police Chief of Farmington, Conn&, and now head of U&N& special police.
otherwise, the outlook could be dark indeed.
satellite relay stations to facilitate and extend communications over the globe;
second, our military missile program, going forward so successfully, does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines, which are necessary in distant space exploration.
such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers, who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles, where America had none before.
suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly.
the continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process.
the continuing threat of inflation, together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility;
the deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores, on land and sea, is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security.
the four, bundled in overcoats, mounted to the wind-swept roof of the U&N& There, Begley lit a fire in a wire basket, and Bang-Jensen dropped four sealed envelopes into the flames.
the group, upon the issuance of its first press release on December 21, 1957, designated itself a" Committee of Investigation".
the method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen.
the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture;
the steady purpose of our society is to assure justice, before God, for every individual.
these discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community;
these remarkable ships and weapons, ranging the oceans, will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth.
third, the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes.
this conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle, who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico, that nothing would be done until his return on January 22, except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed.
this is less than the length of a jet runway- well within the circle of destruction.
this is necessary for a sounder collective defense system.
this year, moreover, growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces, some to be armed with Polaris missiles.
to meet situations of less than general nuclear war, we continue to maintain our carrier forces, our many service units abroad, our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions, and the civilian components.
today our surging strength is apparent to everyone.
until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions.
using launch systems presently available, we are developing satellites to scout the world's weather;
we face, indeed, what may be a turning point in history, and we must act decisively and wisely.
we must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day.
we note that, first, America has already made great contributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of astrophysics and space science.
yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders.
" I 've served as a counsel for the U&N& for some years, specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U&N& legal staff might not be equipped to handle.
" I know Ches, he 's a friend of mine.
" Shann was responsible for the report.
" it was foolish of him to keep them, whatever they were.
" mr& Gross, concerning the formation of your Committee, there 's the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the U&N& in the past;
" the case was that Bang-Jensen came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report.
" this reveals some misunderstanding on your part.
" those"!
" what did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report"?
" why, Mick Shann went over and over the report with Alsing Andersen, trying to check them out.
" you know, this hits in many areas.
#CHAPTER 22# FROM THE HOME of his friend, Henrik Kauffmann, in Washington, D&C&, Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December 9, 1957, to Ernest Gross.
' I 've found errors and I want you to look them over '.
( Shann's own report, Peter Marshall reflected, describes the encounter as" immoderate".
) gross stopped briefly, then went on.
< the only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense, justice, and fairness" >.
Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession.
Bang-Jensen was in" hysterical condition".
Ernest Gross replied the next day, putting the suspended diplomat's fears to rest.
Hammarskjold believes the U&N& is an organization that settles matters in a procedural way **h".
I think you are being unfair to take these things up now.
Marshall asked.
Marshall pondered the reason for this, and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group.
Peter Marshall noted that Bang-Jensen had later referred to his two interviews with the Gross group as" unfortunate experiences", and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the Dane refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel.
Peter Marshall reflected.
and after all this, Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up".
another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage.
as I understand it, Mr& Hammarskjold wanted < outside > advice.
but it was n't a violent discussion.
could you comment on that"?
do n't forget, I am an old member of the club, a former delegate.
do n't forget, the U&N& did no more than the United States did **h it takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact".
even after the incident between Bang-Jensen and Shann in the Delegates' Lounge **h and this was not the way the < Chicago Tribune > presented it".
fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged.
gross answered.
gross pointed to the Manley story.
gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings.
hammerskjold did n't like the way it was carried out.
he could have been blackmailed, or his family might have been threatened.
he has felt terrible about all this.
he probably did n't mean to write it this way, or maybe he did.
how it 's phrased there- the word ' violent '.
if Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner, and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it- who had ordered it?
it appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation.
it said in part:" **h the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character, and I therefore respectfully request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation".
it sounded like a fair enough invitation, Peter Marshall reflected, and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too, because on the thirteenth, he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U&N&.
it was a good report, he did all he could to make it a good report.
it was a sort of Go^tterda^mmerung affair.
it wished to pursue, in the course of this review, questions arising from the body of material already in its possession **h".
j& A& C& Robertson, after serving Gross one week, left for England.
mr& Stavropoulos is the U&N& legal chief and a very good man, but he is not fully versed on some technical points of American law".
of course the matter caught the public's attention.
one was an article on the U&N& by Alice Widener from the < Cincinnati Enquirer >.
so once again Shann had to argue with him about this.
that implies that Shann was on the enemy side.
the group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings.
the only lasting difficulty was the food.
the other was by Chesly Manley in the < Chicago Daily Tribune >.
the sickness was gone and, after all, the two young couples were on their honeymoon.
there was n't any ' violent argument ' between Bang-Jensen and Shann, as the < Tribune > puts it.
there, Ernest Gross further assured him:" we were requested by the Secretary General, as I understand it, to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant, and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat.
we attempted to conclude this, and did so by having the papers burned.
when I speak of how Shann felt, I know well.
you see what I mean?
" go back to America or any other place", well-meaning friends of Captain Heard advised them," but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your heads".
#SIX# The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station, a necessity when landing in East India Company territory.
Ann was entranced with the view, as were her husband and friends.
Ann, pleased to see her friend happy, was intrigued by the new fruits a friend of Captain Heard had sent on board for their enjoyment.
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation, said to have reached 40,000, and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers, the work must have had considerable impact.
Harriet was just as delighted.
Harriet's mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her much-craved milk and fresh bread.
Steele lost his seat in Parliament, and his personal quarrel with Swift, by now a public issue, thus reached its climax.
Steele, who had earlier praised Molesworth in < Tatler > No& 189, now defended him in < Englishman > No& 46, depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution.
a month later, in < The Publick Spirit of the Whigs, > he used Steele's defense of Molesworth as evidence of his disrespect for the clergy, calling Steele's position an affront to the" whole Convocation of < Ireland >".
a year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy.
after that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma.
all Captain Gibault took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum.
although after much trouble he did manage to get it back, he discovered there was no trade to be had.
another controversy typical of the war between the < Englishman > and the < Examiner > centered on Robert ( later Viscount ) Molesworth, a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council.
as for missionaries, even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the Christian faith to the Burmans.
as for the author of the < Englishman, > Mrs& Manley sarcastically deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to" < Ridpath, Dick Steele, > and their Associates, with the Apostles of < Young Man's > Coffee-House".
at last they saw Calcutta, largest city of Bengal and the < Caravan's > destination.
by this time, as we shall see, the Tories were already planning to" punish" Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons.
cautiously she sampled her first pineapple and another fruit whose taste she likened to that of" a rich pear".
certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate.
crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue.
cruel Burmese governors could, on the slightest whim, take a man's life.
despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the < Englishman > and in his speech before the House, their efforts were successful.
founded August 24, 1690 by Job Charnock of the East India Company, and commonly called" The City of Palaces", it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann Hasseltine Judson.
he had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself.
he is answered by a confused, honest Englishman.
in answer to < The Crisis, > Swift produced < The Publick Spirit of the Whigs, > his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend.
in the early months of 1714, the battle between Swift and Steele over the issue of the Succession entered its major phase.
in the same way he coupled Molesworth and Wharton in a letter to Archbishop King, and he had earlier described him as" the worst of them" in some" Observations" on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford.
of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession, < The Crisis > is perhaps the most significant.
on December 21, the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps, their Tory Lord Chancellor, Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation:" they that have turned the world upside down, are come hither also".
on the other hand, Molesworth was naturally assailed in the Tory press.
on the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma, and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture.
on this issue, then, as on so many in these months, Steele and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view.
out came the journal and in it went Ann's own description of the scene:" on each side of the Hoogli, where we are now sailing, are the Hindoo cottages, as thick together as the houses in our seaports.
running across the deck, which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten, they sniffed the spice-laden breezes that came from the shore, each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other.
she describes, first, the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this" unseasonable exultation";
she was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill.
slowly she moved up the Hooghli River, a mouth of the mighty Ganges, toward Calcutta.
solid brick buildings painted dazzling white, large domes and tall, picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see, while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships.
some are fishing, some driving the team, and many are sitting indolently on the banks of the river.
somewhat daunted, the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk.
swift, in the Dublin edition of < A Preface to the Bishop of Sarum's Introduction, > indicated his feelings by including Molesworth, along with Toland, Tindal, and Collins, in the group of those who, like Burnet, are engaged in attacking all Convocations of the clergy.
the Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade.
the Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly, even if she was suitably shocked, according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared, to find them" naked, except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle".
the grass and fields of rice are perfectly green, and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river, and the natives are scattered about differently employed.
the noise stunned her.
the pagodas we have passed are much larger than the houses".
the preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's < Crisis > on January 19, and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace.
the reasons for the Whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of regaining control of the government, their delight at the prospect of a new war, their hopes of having the Tories hanged, and so on.
they are situated in the midst of trees, which hang over them, and appear truly romantick.
they are very small, and in the form of haystacks, without either chimney or windows.
they despised foreigners.
they explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found.
they were in fact quietly laughing at him, for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world.
this is the most delightful < trial > I have ever had", she decided.
though she did not then know its name, this strange new fruit was a banana.
unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.
upon complaints from the Lower House of Convocation to the House of Lords, he was removed from the Privy Council, his remark having been represented as a blasphemous affront to the clergy.
when Captain John Gibault of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship, the < Astra >, had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River.
when he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India, coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert" the heathen", he became more belligerent than ever.
where were the hardships she had expected?
with childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as" walking with fruit and umbrellas in their hands, with the tawny children around them **h.
" Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor- he 's always been a good cook- and I 'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub".
" that's Johnny", sighed the bank president," the best-hearted boy in the world, but absent-minded".
" the place had no sink or washbasin, only a bathtub", his mother discovered when she visited him.
" there was nothing else I could do", the maid answered, satisfied with a rather vague explanation.
" we 'd give him things to deliver, letters, checks, deeds and things like that", remembers his half-brother Walter, still in the real estate business in Savannah," and learn days later that he 'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket.
", and" Too Marvelous for Words" ( all with Richard Whiting );
Everett Miller, then assistant director for the < Garrick Gaieties >, a Theatre Guild production, needed a lyricist for a song he had written;
Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs.
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with," Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected"!
Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael, whose" Snowball" Mercer relyriced as" Lazybones", in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career.
a story, no doubt apocryphal, for Mercer himself denies it, has him sporting a monacle in those Village days.
after leaving Whiteman, Mercer joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist.
both were obviously on the way to the Mercer home.
but Mercer hung on, living, after a fashion, in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up.
but Mercer's explanation was simple:" I made out the check and carried it around a few days unsigned- in case I lost it".
but Mrs& Mercer demanded more.
but one afternoon Mrs& Mercer met her;
by the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call.
during the summers, while he was still in school, Mercer worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy.
entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife, Elizabeth Meehan, a dancer in the < Gaieties >.
for him Mercer produced the lyric to" Out of Breath Scared to Death of You", introduced in that most successful of all the < Gaieties >, by Sterling Holloway.
from his playmates in Savannah, Mercer had picked up, along with a soft Southern dialect, traces also of the Gullah dialects of Africa.
he collaborated on a song with William Hartman Woodin, who was Secretary of the Treasury, 1932-33.
he died before he could completely pay off his debts.
he had talked one other member of the group to stay with him, but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah.
he had yet to meet Harold Arlen, for although they had" collaborated" on" Satan's Li 'l Lamb", Mercer and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them.
he has also an extraordinary conscience.
he has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman.
he just happened not to need any actor at the moment, however.
he may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U& S& Treasury;
his second wife, Lillian, was the mother of John H& Mercer.
if his scholarship and formal musicianship were not all they might have been, Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect.
in 1927 his father's business collapsed, and, rather than go bankrupt, Mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation.
it generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help.
it is, however, a disarming disguise, or perhaps a shield, for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years, but also one who can function remarkably under pressure.
one day he followed the Irish Jasper Greens, the town band, to a picnic and spent the entire day listening, while his family spent the day looking.
one day in a bar, so the legend goes, someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monacle and broke it.
some years later the bank handling the Mercer liquidation received a check for $300,000, enough to clear up the debt.
still, he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School, near Orange, Virginia, where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well.
such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language.
the Mercers took up residence in Brooklyn, and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street" misplacing stocks and bonds".
the check had been mailed from Chicago, the envelope bore no return address, and the check was not signed.
the countrywide success of" Lazybones" and" And the Angels Sing" could only lead to Hollywood, where, besides Harold Arlen, Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren, Jimmy Van Heusen, Richard Whiting, Walter Donaldson, Jerome Kern, and Arthur Schwartz.
the disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy.
the innocent malfeasant, filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars, insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle- and did, over the protests of the former owner- with a square monacle.
the lyric, Mercer remembers, was tailored to fit the unusual melody.
the lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate.
the maid then told her," Because he fired me".
the mother inquired," Where's Johnny, and why did you leave him"?
there they stayed".
this 1930 edition also had songs in it by Vernon Duke and Ira Gershwin, by E& Y& Harburg and Duke, and by Harry Myers.
this rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since.
though merely clear glass, it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers.
when Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940, Mercer, like Arlen, had several substantial film songs to his credit, among them" Hooray for Hollywood"," Ride, Tenderfoot, Ride"," Have You Got Any Castles, Baby?
when he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys, Mercer applied and got the job," not for my voice, I 'm sure, but because I could write songs and material generally".
when he remembered that he might have not signed the check, Mercer made out another for the same amount, instructing the bank to destroy the other- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them.
when he was fifteen John H& Mercer turned out his first song, a jazzy little thing he called" Sister Susie, Strut Your Stuff".
when the family business failed, Mercer left school and on his mother's urging- for she hoped that he would become an actor- he joined a local little theater group.
when the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition- and won- Mercer, instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph, remained in New York.
while with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen.
with Harry Warren he did" The Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish"," Jeepers Creepers", and" You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby".
with her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music- though she waited until he was ten- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet.
with the help of Ziggy Elman, also in the band, he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song," And the Angels Sing".
young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments.
" I can tell you this much", he said.
" he 's a wrong-o", said Runyon," and I would n't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty".
" we are ready for your next mysterious assignment", said Mr& Baer to the Hetman.
" where to, sir"?
' and would you believe it ', Vic added, ' she likes him better than she does me.
< I cannot > **h" Much to Damon Runyon's amazement, as well as my own, I got along splendidly with the Hetman;
Arthur" Bugs" Baer wrote to me just recently," Vic wanted to die in harness, with his head towards the wagon.
I explained my state of mind to artist Winsor McCay and to" Bugs" Baer.
I managed to do this by the time the great A&B& returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist.
I shall tell of it later on.
I thought it expedient to take off my derby, my glasses, and the beard;
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources.
I would like to believe that my ability warranted this advancement.
Runyon, for his part, had a contemptuous regard for Mr& Watson.
Watson told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother, blossoms bought with Vic's allowance to him.
about the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born.
alone, rejected on every hand, divorced, and in financial trouble, he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937.
among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane, Bradford Merrill, S&S& Carvalho, and Colonel Van Hamm.
and I was to go to work on that odd matter.
and also to change telephones.
as for myself, I had on an enormous black" muff".
during the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts I would sign with the Hearst Service.
he also disliked Runyon, for no good reason other than the fact that the Demon's talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the Hetman's say-so or his supervision.
he campaigned successfully for the riddance of" Death Avenue" and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage.
he exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters, Nat Ferber and Carl Helm.
he had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression.
he had been" seeing things".
he paused for a moment to look at me, then went on to the city desk to deliver his" Today" column.
he said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to confide in me the origin of his pipeline tip.
he stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk.
he supported his mother and his brother, who afterwards committed suicide.
he was busy, he said, in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation.
in the conduct of these and many other campaigns, the Hetman proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed.
it 's bigger than the Armistice".
it 's bigger than the Armistice".
it seems to me now, in a long backward glance, that many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr& Hearst- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day.
it was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists.
it was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups: the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course, the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr& Hearst.
just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder.
most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts, and not as a rule by playing clever tricks.
mr& Baer had an auburn beard, like Longfellow's.
mr& Baer obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the Friars.
mr& McCay had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache.
mr& Watson did not have much humor in his make-up, but he managed a mirthless smile.
not long after Colonel Van Hamm had foisted me on the Watson staff I received a salary raise and a contract on the Hetman's recommendation.
one day I tired of following the Hetman's advice of" shadowing" and of the" ring-around-the-rosie" approach to a report that Enrico Caruso had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house.
one day he assigned me to lay bare a" plot" by the Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba.
one finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol, W&R& Hearst.
some of the Hetman's" ideas" were dream-ridden, vaguely imparted, and at times preposterous.
that is, until I became an editor, hence, in his eyes, a rival.
that word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair.
the Hetman had a strong liking for a story, any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods.
the Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it.
the Hetman's" ideas" for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always fruitless or lacking in merit.
the unfinished note, written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope, and addressed to the coroner, makes one wonder about many things:" God forgive me for everything.
then I spent the next two days at the baseball park and at Jack Doyle's pool parlors.
then he would get to his feet, as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers, and say almost invariably," Gentlemen, this is an amazing story!
then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room.
this, together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses, gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist.
we fashioned beards, put them on, and reported to the Hetman at the city desk.
whatever the Hetman's ambitions, his colleagues were kept ill at ease.
when I returned to make my report, the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission.
while I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard, Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand.
why'"?
Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war.
Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors.
Mama said she was one of the prettiest ladies she had ever seen.
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful, Mr& Coolidge certainly made a good president.
Mama stooped down to fix the train, but there was no train there!
Mama swirled the train in place, and not a step was lost.
Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned.
Mama was now the first maid to Mrs& Coolidge, because Catherine, the previous first maid, had become ill and died.
Mama was very patriotic, and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House.
Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone, and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night.
a new bill had been passed under Harding that designated the Government, rather than the President, as the tab-lifter for official meals.
actually, two flags were used at the mansion- a small one on rainy days, and a big one on bright days.
all the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room.
and so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph.
another good friend of the Coolidges' was George B& Harvey, who was the Ambassador to Great Britain from 1921 to 1923.
as a result, he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service.
but again, there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather, and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work.
even when Mrs& Coolidge was in mourning for her son, she reached out to help other people in trouble.
every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship.
finally, Mama did mention to Mrs& Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs, and then Mrs& Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone, even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity.
for the Coolidges, it was Mr& and Mrs& Frank W& Stearns of Boston, Massachusetts, owners of a large department store.
he caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate.
he had been a friend of the Hardings, and continued to be invited by the Coolidges.
he knew exactly how to be colorful!
he was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times.
if the Stearns were not there, grace would be omitted.
impressive as this enumeration is, it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews, collectively or individually, that have been attested by their Gentile environment.
in the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally;
in the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers, or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors.
it is reasonable to affirm two propositions: < Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men;
it was a high mark for Mama.
it was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs, and, just as the First Lady stepped off the last tread, Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President.
mrs& Coolidge chose Mama in her place.
mrs& Coolidge looked down, saw Mama 's horrified expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor.
on the social side, the chore Mama had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most.
one night, Mama came home practically in a state of shock.
one person she helped was my brother.
she had stood at the bottom of the stairs, as usual, when Mrs& Coolidge came down, in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian, to greet her guests.
she looked up and saw that, without knowing it, Mrs& Coolidge was holding it aloft.
she opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face.
she reached and reached around the dress, but there was nothing there.
she used to tell me," When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way, I have the wonderful, safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows".
she was not an overnight guest in the White House, but Mr& Ike Hoover, the chief usher, had Mama check her fur coat when she came in, and take care of her needs.
she wore grey every day, and white every evening.
she would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening.
so the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend.
some Jews have in fact been all things to all men >.
speaking of breakfast, the President inaugurated a new custom- that of conducting business at the breakfast table.
taking a personal interest, she had the doctor assigned to the White House, Dr& James Coupal, look Emmett over.
the Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency.
the President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started.
the White House had chewing gum until it could chew no more, and every Christmas, Mr& Wrigley sent the President a check for $100, to be divided among all the help.
the butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there, the President would say grace at breakfast.
the favorite guest of the house, as far as the staff was concerned, was Mr& Wrigley, the chewing gum king.
the first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania, who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21, 1926.
the wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind, and Mama would mend it.
the word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part.
they have been someone's enemy.
they have observed correct neutrality;
they seemed to be at the White House half the time.
they would all lie around on the rug during the meal, a very pretty sight as Rob Roy, Prudence, and Calamity Jane were all snow-white.
when Mrs& Coolidge was in mourning, she did not wear black.
when Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room, they were tied to the radiator with their leashes, and they would cry.
you can imagine that he got pretty good service.
I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience- most of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life, or, for the theologians of course, to the influence of religion.
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small, and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others.
I do not know that this is true;
a need so deeply planted, asking for direction, so to speak, is likely to be gratified by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature.
a truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best.
after all, the large ( and probably unreliable ) < Reader's Digest > literature on the" most unforgettable character I ever met" deals with village grocers, country doctors, favorite if illiterate aunts, and so forth.
among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control.
an advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself, resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew.
and find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species.
and in contemporary society we often complain of too much reaffirmation of the goodness of the good.
and this, I think, holds for values as well as life styles.
as more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected.
at such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously" pay off".
both Flu^gel and Ranyard West deal with the development and nature of conscience, as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber.
but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind.
but simple involvement is not enough;
but still, the proposition is worth examination.
but their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis.
by the same test predispositions destructive of human personality exercise their most sinister impact, with the result that men of good will are often trapped and nullified.
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence.
clearly what the person brings to the reading is important.
during intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition.
during moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming.
feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation.
for this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary;
for what we propose, however, a psychoanalyst is not necessary, even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses- his defenses of himself to himself.
how literature does this, or for whom, is certainly not clear, but the content, form, and language of the" message", as well as the source, would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose.
if he instructs them in < how > to evaluate a work, he is helping them to achieve their own identity.
in a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover, how to behave, how to think about this new experience, how to exercise restraint.
in any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of implementing good intentions.
in essence this involves grounding one 's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others, rather than in one's own values and experience.
in the range and variety of characters who, in their literary lives, get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible, there is an implicit lesson in differentiation.
it forms the core of many, perhaps most, problems of psychotherapy.
it is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience, the morality, the sensitivity to some code of" right" and" wrong".
let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method" psychoanalytic", for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by Sigmund Freud and his followers for the study and treatment of disordered personalities.
literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose, dedication, mission, significance.
men seem almost universally to want a sense of function, that is, a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone, living or unborn, close and immediate or generalized.
moreover, if the critic instructs his audience in < what > to see in a work, he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking;
now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach;
one of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion.
one would need to test this proposition carefully;
one, a reservation on the point I have just made, is the phenomenon of pseudo-thinking, pseudo-feeling, and pseudo-willing, which Fromm discussed in < The Escape from Freedom >.
probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience, which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature, but the contents of conscience, the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available.
properly used, the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment.
scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too.
self-discovery calls for an open, permissive, inquiring posture of self-observation.
still, it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong;
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed.
the notion of" inspiration" is somehow cognate to this feeling.
the observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be, like the models he sees, even more like everybody else.
the process can be accelerated.
the reader, observing this process, might ask" why not be different"?
the relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said, whether he responds with anger or applause.
the second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today.
the symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification.
the terms" renewal" and" refreshed", which often come up in aesthetic discussion, seem partly to derive their import from the" renewal" of purpose and a" refreshed" sense of significance a person may receive from poetry, drama, and fiction.
the traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association, punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer.
there is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself, reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else.
this is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values: what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it.
this, no doubt, is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts," They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense".
two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time.
we are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society;
what we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought.
when we consider the disorganized state of the world community, and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews, it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill.
" history has this in common with every other science: that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge, except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place, and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration, the grounds upon which it is based.
" mr& Hearst", Lane replied as he left," if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything, you can put the telegram down as a forgery".
" mr& Lane", Hearst said," if you ever wish anything that I can do, all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking, and it will be done".
" suppose you take Mr& Hearst's morning < American > at $10,000 a year", Brisbane proposed.
" you could come down to the office once a day, look over a few exchanges, dictate an editorial, and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors.
English philosopher Samuel Alexander's debt to Wordsworth and Meredith is a recent interesting example, as also A& N& Whitehead's understanding of the English romantics, chiefly Shelley and Wordsworth.
Hearst disclaimed blame for this, but the conversation, according to Lane, ended on a tart note.
Hearst saw his wife and child, sent a joyful message to his mother in California, and soon returned to Washington, where on April 22, for the first time, he opened his mouth in Congress.
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father.
Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K& Lane, a prominent California journalist and reform politician, whom he asked for his support.
Hegel's profound admiration for the insights of the Greek tragedians indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy.
Lane was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of California in 1902 and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco < Examiner >.
a contrast of the scripture reading of, let us say, St& Augustine, John Bunyan, and Thomas Jefferson, all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment, can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression.
accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's" Invictus", and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise.
after all, Shelley is no" orthodox" or Hellenic Platonist, and even his" romantic" Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries.
again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating, if to our minds grotesque, anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius, who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles.
again, Henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a Stoic thinker like Marcus Aurelius, whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian, comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's sonnet on his own blindness.
again, he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways.
also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man, the depravity of man, and the dignity of man.
an idea, let us say, may be roughtly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned.
an idea, of the sort that we have in mind, although of necessity readily available to imagination, is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images, especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience.
certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible.
finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread.
here an important caveat is in order.
here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research.
if within one year you can make a success out of the < American >, you can practically name your own salary thereafter.
in much the same way, we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne, of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues, and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin, through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters.
in recent years, we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts, although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy, of religion, and of the sciences.
in this essay, we are, along with most historians, interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas, that are so to speak" writ large" in history of literature where they recur continually.
it is a characteristic of thoughts that **h in re-thinking them we come, < ipso facto >, to understand why they were thought".
it is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns, by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research.
it is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy.
let us quote once more from R& G& Collingwood:" history is properly concerned with the actions of human beings **h Regarded from the outside, an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world;
let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades.
no one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them.
of course, if you do n't make the < American > a success, Hearst will have no further use for you".
on April 10, 1904, his first child was born, a son named George after the late Senator.
on the other hand, Arnold's" < The unplumbed, salt, estranging sea >", taken in its context, certainly does so.
one might, indeed, argue that the history of ideas, in so far as it includes the literatures, must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning.
our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries.
outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself, including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries;
perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament.
regarded from the inside, it is the carrying into action of a certain thought **h The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them.
still, we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology, philosophy, political thought, and literature.
such an understanding, although it must seek to be sympathetic, is not a matter of intuition.
the actual moments of contact are vitally important.
the blue-eyed Watson decided that he would dislike living in New York, and the deal fell through.
the knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events".
the student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition, which are at the same time patterns of transformation, whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another.
these moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned.
this is what was meant, above, by describing history as inferential.
this reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence.
this was not before the House but before the Judiciary Committee, where he asked for action on one of his pet bills, that calling for an investigation of the coal-railroad monopoly.
thus Burns's" < My love is like a red, red rose >" and Hopkins'" < The thunder-purple sea-beach, plumed purple of thunder >" although clearly intelligible in content, hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned.
thus ideas like" grace"," salvation", and" providence" cluster together in traditional Christianity.
thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period.
understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies.
usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question, so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an" - ism" or mode of thought.
very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or" belongs to" some way of thought labelled as a" school" or an" - ism", i&e& a complex or" syndrome" of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification.
we may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists.
we may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts.
we must avoid the notion, suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned, that ideas are" units" in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even, for that matter, from one individual to another.
we need not, to be sure, expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature.
when these fields are surveyed together, important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence, a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions, primarily literary, religious, and philosophical, but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even, to some extent, with science.
" I should, of course", he said," like any other man, be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me.
#,.
< Britain in the nineteenth century > is a textbook designed" to give the sense of continuous growth, to show how economic led to social, and social to political change, how the political events reacted on the economic and social, and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process".
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns.
I intend to support the nominee of the party at St& Louis, whoever he may be".
I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice.
THE HEARST" BARREL"# HEARST hopped into a private railroad car with Max Ihmsen and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states, always wearing a frock coat, listening intently to local politicians, and generally making a good impression.
Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis, he is unduly critical of papal and French policy, and he is more than generous in assessing British policy.
Trevelyan centers too exclusively on Bright, is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics, and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel.
Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject.
Trevelyan's < Manin and the Venetian revolution of 1848 >, his last major volume on an Italian theme, was written in a minor key.
Trevelyan's Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit, a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty.
already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period.
and Grey's Northumberland background was close to Trevelyan's own.
associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family, Trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive.
because Bright's speeches were so much a part of him, there are long and numerous quotations, which, far from making the biography diffuse, help to give us the feel of the man.
but I do not have to be bribed by office to be a Democrat.
but after 1832, the narrative tends to lose its balanced, many-sided quality and to become a medley of topics, often unconnected by any single thread.
but fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy, a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication.
but his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation.
but the Garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story.
by what one reader called a" series of dissolving views", he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth.
characteristically, Trevelyan enjoyed writing the work.
economic analysis was never Trevelyan's strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis.
finally, the period after 1870 receives little attention and that quite superficial.
first < The life of John Bright > appeared and seven years later < Lord Grey of the Reform Bill >.
for once his touch deserted him.
he laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated.
his passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of Garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described.
his personal familiarity with the scenes of action undoubtedly contributed much to the final result, but familiarity alone would not have been enough without other qualities.
his technique is genuinely masterful.
if it is not one of his best books, it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own < Garibaldi >.
in 1924 Trevelyan traveled to the United States, where he delivered the Lowell lectures at Harvard University.
in looking back over the volumes, it is possible to find errors of interpretation, some of which were not so evident at the time of writing.
in short order, the general history became his most popular work and has remained, aside from his later < Social history >, the work most widely favored by the public.
in the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation, the Crimean War, the American Civil War, and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long.
it is a Whig history of the" Tory reaction" which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832, and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative.
its success is a tribute, above all, to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist.
later research has shown this part of the legend of the < Re Galantuomo > to be false.
military knowledge, love of detail, and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients.
more temperately than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal bias, Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days, portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors, and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus.
nineteenth-century virtues, however, seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the Bright book has never been particularly popular.
of the two, the life of Bright is incomparably the better biography.
published in 1923, it did not gain the popular acclaim of the Garibaldi volumes, probably because Trevelyan felt less at home with Manin, the bourgeois lawyer, than with Garibaldi, the filibuster.
research in the period of Grey and Bright led naturally to a more ambitious work.
some historians have found his point of view not to their taste, others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear" contemptible rather than intelligible", while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the" intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which, at times, politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents".
the Hearst press followed the Chief's progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention, stressing the" enthusiasm" and" loyalty" he inspired.
the Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period.
the biography of Lord Grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all.
the complexities of Venetian politics eluded him, but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures, with no superfluous passages and only an occasional overemphasis of the part played by its leading figure.
the confused rambling of guerrilla warfare, such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were, was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books.
the outstanding example was in < Garibaldi and the Thousand >, where he made use of unpublished papers of Lord John Russell and English consular materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit Garibaldi to cross the Straits of Messina.
the plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832.
the theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was, he has told us, congenial to his artistic sense.
the three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority.
the volume is a piece of passionate special pleading, written with the heat- and often with the wisdom, it must be said- of a Liberal damning the shortsightedness of politicians from 1782 to 1832.
these lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as a < History of England >.
this was historic in its way, for it marked the first time an American Presidential aspirant had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers spanning the land.
thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor Emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous < Statuto > at the insistence of General Radetzky.
when Nan Patterson, a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a < Florodora > road show, rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover, Frank Young, she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead, tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so.
yet < Britain in the nineteenth century > became the < vade mecum > of beginning students of history, went through edition after edition, and continues to be reprinted up to the very present.
yet after 1832, the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account.
yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man, his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength.
yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value.
" < Alors >, you may go no farther", he said imperiously.
" < Mais non >", the Interior Ministry man coaxed," you may come back to Strasbourg, now, if you wish".
" I do n't know", I told him," except that I will be here".
" I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg".
" I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany".
" I shall see about getting you a tent", he said.
" ah, then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here"- I indicated the French occupation officer-" informs me that Germany is just on the other side of him".
" but I have no permission to re-enter France, and I have just left", I told him.
" but if there is no line, how can there be two countries?
" but what will you do this evening, Mr& Davis"?
" is this then the frontier"?
" it will be very cold".
" line?
" no, I have no permission to enter Germany", I told him.
" oh?
" there must be a line"!
" visa?
" yes".
" you do not know me", she said in good English," but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child".
## In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne, Heidelberg, and Baden-Baden.
I asked him.
I asked.
I had advised friends to write me to" No Man's Land, Pont Kehl, Between Strasbourg and Kehl, France-Germany".
I have witnesses.
I was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances.
a little later, the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent.
a special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I did n't cross, the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else- men, women, and children, dogs, cats, horses, cars, trucks, baby carriages- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance.
a volunteer food brigade had been arranged, they told me, which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge.
after scouring around a bit in the open area, I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly, giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky.
and as you know, I have no permission to re-enter France once out.
and" Bravo, Garry, continue"!
as the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood, I had made many friends among them, taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent.
asked a young mustached Frenchman.
at this, the students let out a yell, knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of Kehl.
but there is no line between France and Germany, that is, no actual < line > **h I mean **h"" No line"?
but there is no question of a visa.
each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several < petits pains >, Esther usually being among them.
finally they went off to file their stories, after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest vigil.
from the crowd were coming cries of" He's right"!
her name was Esther Peter.
it was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year.
line?
now I learn I cannot enter Germany.
obviously I 'm stuck on the line between the two countries".
on Christmas Eve, students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent.
one of the girl students, sitting by while I ate the thick soup, asked me if I had a sleeping bag.
seeing their hesitation, I said," Well, until I have permission to enter Germany, or a visa to re-enter France, I shall be obliged to remain here **h on the line between two countries", whereupon I moved to the side of the road, parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk, sat down, took out my typewriter, and began typing the above conversation.
sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side, I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless" line", digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child.
some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week.
sure enough, mail began trickling in, delivered by a talkative, highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized.
that would be a great help, I told him, thanking him for his thoughtfulness.
the Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot.
the Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days, Mrs& Peter, little Esther, and Raoul, who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my" Watch on the Rhine".
the day passed eventfully enough, with a constant stream of visitors, some stopping only to say hello, others getting into serious conversations, such as one Andre Fuchs, a free-lance journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the < Nouvelle Alsatian > in highly sympathetic terms.
the reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer, both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action, if any, would be taken in my regard.
the students crowded around asking questions, slapping me on the back, and generally being friendly.
the students were laughing uproariously at this piece of logic, and even the policemen were trying hard not to smile.
the waspish man stepped forward.
the wind from the Rhine was damp and chill, necessitating a fire for warmth.
then will you give me a visa to re-enter France"?
to my great surprise and delight, when they saw the two trees they went rushing off, returning shortly with decorations from their own trees.
when I informed her that I did n't, she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening.
you are still in France".
you have just given me permission to leave France, which I did.
Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war.
Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors.
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance.
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected.
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old.
Sherman felt that his own part in the campaign was skillful and well executed but that the slowness of a part of his army robbed him of the larger fruits of victory.
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy 's to Atlanta.
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways, yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications.
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as Thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings.
Sherman laid great store by place captures.
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks.
Thomas thanked his men for their tenacity of purpose, unmurmuring endurance, cheerful obedience, brilliant heroism and high qualities in battle.
Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet, but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it.
a few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being" about lots 239, 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196".
a horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the infantryman got along with two pounds.
a proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of Polk's Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at Dalton.
actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure.
already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation, the quality of Sherman's horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed.
as always, the ranks worked out new and better tactics, but there was brilliance in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking.
but, so far as its territorial objectives were concerned, the campaign was successful.
by both standards Thomas had the right to be proud.
every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses.
first, it could locate the enemy infantry, learn what they were doing, and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over.
for some time, despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln.
from the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career.
grant called it prompt, skillful and brilliant.
he felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war.
he never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it.
he supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment.
he would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country.
his conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean, deft, well organized retreats with small materiel losses.
in seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles.
in the midst of this gloom, at 10:05 P&M& on September 2, Slocum's telegram to Stanton," General Sherman has taken Atlanta", shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House.
in the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting.
it could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier.
it failed to work.
it stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out, overwhelmed by fears of the unknown.
its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign.
men were killed in their camps, at their meals and in their sleep.
modern warfare was born in this campaign- periscopes, camouflage, booby traps, land mines, extended order, trench raids, foxholes, armored cars, night attacks, flares, sharpshooters in trees, interlaced vines and treetops, which were the forerunners of barbed wire, trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge, which presaged the mine trap, and the general use of anesthetics.
next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action.
official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army.
one of Sherman 's most serious shortcomings, however, was his mistrust of his cavalry.
orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement.
proposals were in the air for a year's armistice.
rifle fire often kept the opposing gunners from manning their pieces.
second, it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy.
so Sherman tried a compromise.
the casualties in the Army of the Cumberland were 22,807, while for all three armies they were 37,081.
the fossilized, formalized, precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies.
the horseman required eleven times more than the footman.
the skirmishing was almost constant.
the use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as" near the letter o in the word mountain".
the whistle of Sherman's locomotives often drowned out the rattle of the skirmish fire.
then, in some way, this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice.
there was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
third, it could threaten at all times, and destroy when possible, the enemy communications.
this system was dependent upon identical maps and Thomas supplied them from a mobile lithograph press.
to the Rebels it seemed as if Sherman carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets.
to the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.
well led, properly organized cavalry, in its complementary role to infantry, had four functions.
whatever the military world thought, the political world approved it wholeheartedly.
when McPherson pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement, the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, totally inadequate for its role.
within the narrow frame of military tactics, too, the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant.
## Catherine's first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her.
#@ 3, @# As a reviewer, Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude.
England contributed a young subaltern named Newton and the naval architect Samuel Bentham, brother to the economist, who far his colonel's commission was proving a godsend to the Russian fleet.
Lewis had expected to report at once to Jones's and Nassau's naval command post.
Meynell's remedy for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical.
Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts: in the Caucasus;
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav, totaling, it was claimed, 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps, had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea, the fortress town of Oczakov, and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea.
Reid simply states, without offering any supporting evidence, that" after he returned to London, he resumed his draughts of laudanum, and continued this right up to his death".
Repnin, who had a rather narrow face, longish nose, high forehead, and arching brows, looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles.
along the Danube and among the Carpathians, in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies;
and General the Count Pallavicini, founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house, a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December, 1780.
and in the misty marshlands and shallow coastal waters of Nogay Tartary and Taurida, including the Crimean peninsula.
and the artillerist, Colonel Prevost, whom the Count de Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau.
as he had done on his first Imperial sortie a year and a half before, Lewis trekked southeast through Red Russia to Kamieniec.
as his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin, one-time Ambassador to Poland.
at General Headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others.
but he admired Housman's" subtle intellectuality" and delighted in the inversion by which Divine Love becomes the most" fatal" allurement in" Love the Tempter".
by 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now, in this second combat with the Crescent, were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline.
by June 19, 1788, he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief, the Governor of the Southern Provinces, the Director of the War College- The Prince.
during a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage sould see action on both elements.
from America were the Messrs& Littlepage and Jones.
from Milan came the young Chevalier de Litta, an officer in the service of Malta.
from the outset, she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question, and although she was displeased by the" unwarrantable" interference, it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was" perhaps" a man" most fitted to live + die solitary, + in the love only of the Highest Lover".
having done so, he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time.
he simply found more work for him to do, and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break.
he was seldom an unmethodical critic, and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern: a description of what the work contained, a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it, and, wherever possible, a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found.
here the war would flame to its focus, and here Lewis Littlepage had come.
if, as Reid says," nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium", there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse.
in any event, the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking laudanum, it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his vagrant years.
in" My Song's Young Virgin Date", for example, Thompson wrote:" yea, she that had my song's young virgin date Not now, alas, that noble singular she, I nobler hold, though marred from her once state, Than others in their best integrity.
it was, of course, in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author.
my own stern hand has rent the ancient bond, And thereof shall the ending not have end: but not for me, that loved her, to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend.
of course, there were books about which nothing good could be said.
on arrival at headquarters he had, however- in King Stanislas' words to Glayre-" found such favor with Pe Potemkin that he made him his aide-de-camp and up to now does not want him to go join Paul Jones **h".
on the basis of this careful reading, Thompson frequently gave a clear, complete, and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry.
out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies, a frank, sensitive, popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would" always recall with the sincerest gratitude".
poetry, he said, must be" dogmatic": it must not stoop to argue like a" K&C& in cloth-of-gold".
representing the Emperor were the Prince de Ligne, still as impetuous as a youth of twenty;
reviewing Davidson 's < The Testament of an Empire Builder, > for example, Thompson found that there was" too much metrical dialectic".
similarly, he wrote that Laurence Housman had a" too deliberate manner" as well as a lack of" inevitable felicity in diction".
so of course he stayed put.
some people thought he lacked both ability and character, but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and, for a Russian, humane.
taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves, there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King.
that he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes, which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature.
that she was affected by his protestations seems obvious, but since she was evidently a sensible young woman- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type- it would seem that for her the word < friendship > had a far less intense emotional significance than that which Thompson gave it.
the Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well.
the Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous, but these qualities were sapped by an Oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions.
the energetic Parisian, Roger de Damas, three year's Littlepage's junior, to whom Nassau had taken a liking;
the poems which were addressed to her, while they are far more restrained than those of" Love in Dian's Lap", show no great technical advance over those of the" Narrow Vessel" group and are, if anything, somewhat more labored.
their interest remains chiefly biographical, for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900.
then hold it more than bravest-feathered song, That I affirm to thee, with heart of pride, I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up, true friend, by thy true side;
then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers.
thence he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into Podolia and Nogay Tartary or the Yedisan.
there is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life, as we shall see, Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness, but the exact date at which this began has never been determined.
there was the Neapolitan, Ribas, a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1,, after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ).
there, along the east bank of the Southern Bug, opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea, he arrived at General Headquarters of the Russian Army.
those of 1788 were going to prove decisive, though many of their details are obscure.
though Catherine was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard, there were several under her own, such as the Prince de Nassau;
through most of 1787 operations on both sides had been lackadaisical;
to consolidate what her Navy had won, the Czarina was fortunate that, for the first time in Russian history, her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour.
understanding, as he did, the difficulty of the art of poetry, and believing that the" only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets", he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse.
whether or not Danchin is correct in suggesting that Thompson's resumption of the opium habit also dates from this period is, of course, a matter of conjecture.
whose absence dearer comfort is, by far, Than presences of other women are"!
yet Davidson impressed him as a poet capable of" sustained power, passion, or beauty", and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but Davidson's command of imagery as well.
" all you have to do, Ilka dear, is to phone on your arrival.
" he 's got high blood pressure, too, and bum kidneys", the doctor said to me.
" transparent look, waxy skin- could well be uremia".
" you know", Norton said to me later," I am thinking of setting up the Klinico Brownapopolus.
Deppy is Despina Messinesi, a long-time member of the < Vogue > staff who, although born in Boston, was born there of Greek parents.
Greek phone service is worse than French, so that it was to be some little time before contact of any sort was established.
I might not make any money but I 'd sure have patients".
I suppose the same emotion holds, if to a lesser degree, with any famous monument.
Mando, pleading her cause, must have said that Dr& Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America, for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse.
after luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written.
all we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look.
and then perhaps one day we get to Athens.
another beautiful building is the Propylaea, the entrance gate of the Acropolis.
another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the evzone sentry, in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes, who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace.
at this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers.
by a combination of music, lighting effects, and narration, famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim.
by this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the premises.
do n't worry about the Acropolis.
for some happy reason Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind.
furthermore I can identify each design.
gun on shoulder, he would march smartly for a few yards, bring his heels together with a click, make a brisk pirouette, skirts flaring, and march back to his point of departure.
having completed our camera work, we started our climb.
he looked disapprovingly at an ash tray piled high with cigarette stubs, shook his head, and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture.
in 1687 the Turks, who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century, with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine.
in the late afternoon Mando came back to fetch us, and we drove to the Acropolis.
it had better be good.
it is awe-inspiring.
it remained, however, for Mando to teach me that Doric symbolized strength, Ionic wisdom, and Corinthian beauty, the three pillars of the ancient world.
it was funny but it was also touching.
it was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens.
more than twenty-four hundred years old, bruised, battered, worn and partially destroyed, combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace, it still stands, incomparable testimony to man's aspiration.
my diplomacy was needless.
my other nugget of art and architectural knowledge- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence- is the three styles of Greek columns.
nearby is the temple of Athena.
on the way out Mr& Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night.
one fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer.
probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it.
seeing this, his colleague at the next desk gave a short, contemptuous laugh, pushed forward his own ash tray, innocent of a single butt, thumped his chest to show his excellent condition, and looked proud.
several years of her life have been spent in the homeland, and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming.
the Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too, but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves, out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion, were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination.
the architectural feature, the caryatides upholding the portico, famous around the world as the Porch of the Maidens, was referred to airily by Mando as the Girls' Place.
the carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless, but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion.
the columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.
the curving benches are broken, chipped, tumbled, but still in place, as are the marble chairs, the seats of honor for the legislators.
the doctor gravely nodded approval.
the evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis, who were friends and patients of Norton, to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean.
the great spectacle was a source of rancor, and Son et Lumiere, which the French were trying to promote with the Athenians, was the reason.
the light at that time is a benediction.
the little official hung his head in shame.
the serene, majestic columns of the Parthenon, tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky, frame incredible vistas.
the wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers, but I planned on being the soul of tact, of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us.
the weight of fame and history is formidable, and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination.
these performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe.
they are longing to see you".
they emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine: shaved nearly naked, hair queued, greatcoated, jackbooted, and best of all- in the opinion of the British professional, Major Semple-Lisle-" their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny".
uh huh, we think, looking at them, so that 's the Parthenon.
we 've come a long way and spent a lot of money.
we are here!
we did not dare speak to so exalted a being, but Norton aimed his camera and shot him, so to speak, on the rise, the split second between the halt and the turn.
we saw it frequently afterward, but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset.
we stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon.
we went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us, the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels.
when their levies came shambling into camp, they were all elbows, hair, and beard.
will it live up to its reputation?
" little Rock is a vile, detestable place **h".
" little Rock is, without any flattery, one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place, if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness".
#2# As Pike proved himself adept in the political arena, he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock, where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to cultivate.
**h It is but justice to Mr& Steele for us to add that, in the above remarks, nothing is intended to his disparagement, either as a lawyer or as a printer.
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson, and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days.
Pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously, and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation.
Robinson did neither.
SAMUEL GORTON, founder of Warwick, was styled by the historian Samuel Greene Arnold" one of the most remarkable men who ever lived".
Woodruff had supported him all the way, both as a chief executive and as a man.
Woodruff said nothing, and Pike, frustrated, stormed throughout Little Rock in an unsuccessful search for" Vale", asking his friends to keep their ears open.
Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly, and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter.
Woodruff was furious.
Woodruff was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma.
Woodruff's strategy had been immensely successful.
after all, Pike was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture, Boston.
after all, Woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job.
and Pike never did find out if Robinson was really responsible for the" Vale" letter.
and, for the moment at least, the governor now found himself allied with the head of the Crittenden faction he had formerly opposed, and Pike was credited with a clear triumph over Woodruff.
as a consequence, he did neither.
as a proud man, his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office, but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place.
as a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat, he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike, and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him.
as summer cooled into fall and winter, even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day, and by December of 1834 it was icy.
besides being political allies, they were also friends.
but because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other, he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law ( which Woodruff did not have ), and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before.
but in the confused atmosphere of frontier politics, alliances were as quickly broken as they were formed, and as Pike came to favor with the governor of the Territory, the governor fell out of favor with the President of the United States.
by 1834 the art of oratory had reached a very high level in the United States as a literary form.
considering the governor's act a personal rebuff, he aired his feelings in the < Gazette > on August 26, 1834:" we think the governor treated us rather shabbily, to say the least of it.
finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one James W& Robinson in Pope County.
for some reason, none of them were impressed with the territorial capital.
from his first bout with the canny Woodruff, Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly, so, harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high, he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist.
he accused Pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in Arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in Van Buren.
he again began to play the violin, and tucking the instrument beneath his chin, performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him.
he composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft, melodious voice, and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike.
he got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck.
he was especially popular with women, for, like the romantic poetry he wrote, he was personally gracious, gallant, and chivalrous.
he wrote.
his accomplishments, and the fact that he was resident, did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there.
his artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering.
if Robinson was a liar and a slanderer, he was also a very canny gentleman, for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him.
if Woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation, the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in the < Advocate >.
in the next few months of comparative silence, Pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack, and then, displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting, gained from his first bout with Woodruff, he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage.
it took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done, and it had a profound effect on him.
it was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men.
on April 11th he wrote an open letter in the < Advocate >, making it known" to the world that Jas& W& Robinson < is by his own admission > a base LIAR and a SLANDERER".
on January 28, 1835, Andrew Jackson removed Pope from office and elevated Territorial Secretary William S& Fulton to the position.
once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it.
one-armed, gruff, frugally honest, Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden, and he ruled the state with an iron fist, tolerating no nonsense.
outraged, he used the < Advocate > of March 7th for a denial, sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself, and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym.
preoccupied with his own defense and his attempts to get Robinson to fight, Pike lessened his attacks on Woodruff, and finally stopped them altogether.
shortly after the" Vale" incident, a rift began to develop between William Woodruff and Governor Pope.
the bulk of his early reputation, however, came not from his poetry or his music, but from his excellence as an orator.
the charges caught Pike off balance, coming as they did from an unexpected quarter.
the eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held.
the governor was not used to having his integrity questioned, and he promptly passed the charges on to Woodruff, demanding that Woodruff answer them.
the internationally known sportsman and traveler Friedrich Gersta^cker was typical of its detractors in the mid-thirties.
the orator of this period, in order to earn a reputation, had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech, judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it.
then he called on the governor to explain why.
this warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory, and, taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature, left it to the governor to award the contract.
to Pike, silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt, and he determined to get Robinson onto the dueling ground at all costs.
to document his charge, Pike set up two parallel columns in the < Advocate > showing the price charged by the < Gazette > and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere.
very angry at Woodruff, the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from the < Gazette > and awarded to the lowest bidder, which, by a strange coincidence, happened to be Pike's < Advocate >.
very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock Debating Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator, being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year.
we hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit".
without further inquiry, Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty, and, following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground, sent a message to Robinson through his friends, demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity.
" Fred, your blood matches your father 's, all right", Dr& Glenn said.
" I 've been cooped up so long", he added.
" baby, I saw a lot of old friends I had n't seen in a long time", he told me, his eyes bright.
" because, Fred, it could do him no good.
" but we are n't going to let you give him any".
" but why in the name of God can n't I give my father blood"?
" dr& Glenn, I 've got a lot of blood", Fred spoke up," plenty of it.
" he has lost much blood", he said.
" it was mighty good for the old man to get out again".
" it' ll take a lot to replace it".
" why can n't I, Doctor"?
Fred demanded.
Gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in jail.
Gorton answered in writing.
Gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts, but he was learning fast.
Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation.
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown.
Reverend Cotton preached to them about Demetrius and the shrines of Ephesus.
_2._ Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross, with the rest of his sufferings and obediences, in the time of his life here, after hee was born of the Virgin Mary?
_3._ Who was the God whom hee thinke we serve?
_4._ What hee means when hee saith, wee worship the starre of our God Remphan, Chion, Moloch"?
all of the elders except three voted for death, but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence.
and in a few minutes Papa was dead.
and then it took considerably longer to make preparations for giving transfusions.
at Shawomet, women and children fled in terror across the Bay.
at the trial which took place later, the Pomham matter was completely omitted.
but a few days after Fred's return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration.
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging.
dr& Glenn saw at once what had happened.
four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to Gorton:" _1._ Whether the Fathers, who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary, were justified and saved only by the blood which hee shed, and the death which hee suffered after his incarnation?
getting out again, seeing old friends, had given his spirits a lift.
governor Winthrop wrote:" You may do well to take notice, that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there, there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies, who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration".
he 's as good as gone".
he 's past helping.
here was Gorton's chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme.
it 's too late now.
it began in the morning, and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one.
let me give Papa blood".
on Sunday they refused to attend church.
one had to find a donor, and usually very quickly, whose blood corresponded with the patient's.
promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence, and run through anyone who might step out of line.
seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court, set to work and, if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy, to be executed if convicted.
that night after supper I went back over to 48 Spruce Street- Ralph and I at that time were living at 168 Chestnut- and Ralph went with me.
that was in the days before blood banks, of course, and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient.
the Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities, but Gorton was better.
the Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should" look upon them as men prepared for slaughter".
the Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives.
the attack started on October 2, 1643, and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night.
the attackers sent for more soldiers, and the defenders, to save bloodshed, surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors.
the convicts were put in chains, paraded before the congregation at the Reverend Cotton's lecture as an example, and sent to prisons in various towns, where they languished all winter, chains included.
the doctor agreed, but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa 's.
the hemorrhage was in the prostate region;
the latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence, which offer was declined by the invaders.
the magistrates were determined to compel them.
the men fortified a blockhouse and got ready to fight, but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to arbitrate.
the next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits.
the prisoners agreed, provided they might speak after the sermon, which was permitted.
the three others got off easier.
they had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them, for one thing, and there was much required preliminary procedure.
they made the tests and came to Fred;
to give a patient the wrong type of blood, said the doctor, would likely kill him.
we got Dr& Glenn to him as quickly as we could, and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition.
when Fred wheeled him back into his room, the big one looking out on the back porch, and put him to bed, Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown.
when the captives arrived in Boston," the chaplain [ of their captors ] went to prayers in the open streets, that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner, and in the name of the Lord".
## It was not until we had returned to the city to live, while I was still at Brown and Sharpe's, that I felt the full impact of evangelical Christianity.
## There was one further step in my religious progress.
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul.
I bethought me of the Lord's Prayer, and these words came to mind:" thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven".
I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son.
I did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the Creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of His creatures;
I do not claim to be free from sin, or from the need for repentance and forgiveness.
I engaged more and more in religious activities.
I found myself becoming one of that group of people who, in Carlyle's words," are forever gazing into their own navels, anxiously asking ' Am I right, am I wrong '"?
I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities.
I was familiar with < Pilgrim's Progress >, which I read as literature.
I went to an afternoon service at the YMCA.
I went to the Christian Endeavor Society and to the evening service of the church.
Tom said he almost burst into tears, he was so disappointed and put out.
Tom told me about it, how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man.
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested.
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice.
as we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable.
at least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion.
because God is what He is, the laws of the universe, material and spiritual, are what they are.
besides Church and Sunday School I went to out-of-door meetings on the sidewalk at the church door.
but they would reconsider it, they assured him, if he would rewrite it.
finally, after years, I gave up.
from that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth.
he hung around New York, waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill, where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots.
he said he would do it, though probably nobody would produce it, for his own" soul's ease and comfort".
he thought about it and he told the man he just could n't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made.
his father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary, and from him he acquired a conviction, which he passed along to me, that there is in the universe of persons a moral law, the law of love, which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law.
if disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
if obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction.
in my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise.
in the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus:" in Adam's fall We sin-ned all".
instead, he went down to New York and submitted < Welcome to Our City > to the Theatre Guild, which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly.
it is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships, whether individually, socially or as between whole nations of people.
it is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true.
it was fantastic writing, beautiful writing, the man declared, but the public, he insisted, wanted realism.
it was visiting University of North Carolina alumni in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building fund.
meanwhile I myself was not yet saved.
much of this lacked the active support of the pastor.
no load of sin had been laid on my shoulders, nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one.
on returning to New York he had a job for several weeks;
once or twice my father asked me if I was n't overdoing a bit in my churchgoing.
some of these thoughts- not all of them- have taken organized form in later years.
such a revision, he said, would ruin it, would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment.
that summer Tom attended the summer session at Harvard, but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall.
the Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved Edward Kidder Graham, who had been president when Tom entered the university.
the actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort.
the basic difficulty, I suppose, was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief.
the man, Tom said, explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it was n't the sort of thing the public wanted.
the public, Tom said the man told him, wanted realism, and his play was n't that.
the spirit of this group was that we were- and are- living in a world doomed to eternal punishment, but that God through Jesus Christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation.
the young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
their basis seems deeper than mere authority.
there are millions who accept this doctrine, but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day.
there is, of course, the doctrine of original sin, which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor.
they are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true.
they have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed.
this doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
this group in Park Place Church was made up of the earnest few.
this man, Tom said, had the play shut up in his desk, I believe, and when Tom sat down, he pulled it out and apologetically told Tom that they would n't be able to use it.
this was taken after I came to live in Springfield, and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond Beardslee, a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York.
try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation, no answer came to me from heaven.
we can conceive of no alternatives.
well, the Theatre Guild kept that play, and kept it, and finally in December they turned it down.
#PLATO AND ARISTOTLE# Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues.
Aristotle's method in the < Poetics, > then, does suggest that we should isolate the work.
I have chosen five contrasting pairs, ten men in all, and they are arranged in roughly chronological order.
Plato feels that man has two competing aspects, his rational faculty and his irrational.
Plato is, at times, just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work.
Plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma, because he is so completely sensitive to its charm.
Stephen Gosson and Sir Philip Sidney from renaissance England;
a tragedy, by his definition, is an imitation of an action that is serious, of a certain magnitude, and complete in itself.
all through < The Republic, > Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens.
altogether, the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones, for these critics range all the way from censors to those who consider art above ethics, all the way from Plato to Poe.
and James Russell Lowell and Edgar Allan Poe of nineteenth century American letters.
and most of the great periods are represented, because we will compare Plato and Aristotle from the golden age of Greece;
and poetry, with all its emphasis on the passions, encourages the audience to give way to emotion.
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables.
and there is one other point in the poetics that invites moral evaluation: Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear.
and we can add that Krutch's interpretation of purgation is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions.
and with this point about the passions, we encounter Plato's dualism.
any tragedy, he maintains, has six elements: plot, character, and thought ( the objects of imitation ), diction and melody ( the means of imitation ), and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ).
but the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the Tenth Book, and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms.
but there are, however, several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature.
by the time they reach that age, however, Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies.
criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature.
dr& Johnson and William Hazlitt of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England;
even more important, in his < Poetics, > Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing, separate and apart from its causes and its effects.
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers- I mean, if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight".
for one thing, Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience.
for this reason, he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the stage;
for this reason, then, poetry tends to weaken the power of control, the reason, because it tempts one to indulge his passions, and even the best of men, he maintains, may be corrupted by this subtle influence.
he assures us, early in the < Poetics, > that all art is" imitation" and that all imitation gives pleasure, but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means, manner, and the objects of the imitation.
he even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue.
he explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry, and he observes that all" these pantomimic gentlemen" will be sent to another state.
he is, rather, concerned with the effect on society and he wants the poets to join his fight for justice.
he rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end.
he says:" We may further grant to those of her [ Poetry's ] defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets, the permission to speak in prose on her behalf: let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life, and we will listen in a kindly spirit;
he wants them to use their great power to strengthen man's rational side, to teach virtue, and to encourage religion.
his whole objection, indeed, seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets < do > have great power to influence, but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself.
if Krutch is correct, tragedy may have quite the opposite effect.
in Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the < Poetics, > we find an attempt to isolate the art, to consider only those things proper to it, to discover how it differs from other arts, and to deal with the effects peculiar to it.
in Krutch's view, this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist.
in Plato's mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher, because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction, much less the highest level of ideal forms.
in addition, his definition of a tragedy invites our attention, because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters.
in his study < Samuel Johnson, > Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is" less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts".
in short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects.
in the ideal state, for instance, he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories.
it should have a dramatic form with pleasing language, and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience.
once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms, he lays down his famous definition of tragedy, which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work.
only the philosopher knows the truth.
only those story tellers will remain who can" imitate the style of the virtuous".
poets, moreover, dwell on human passions.
such a list must naturally be selective, and the treatment of each man is brief, for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature.
the Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation.
the point is that an ethical critic, with an assist from Freud, can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges.
the same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both Babbitt and More, that we must examine it in some detail.
the subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland.
they both measure literature by moral standards, and in their political writings both allow for censorship, but the differences between them are also significant.
throughout the rest of the < Poetics, > Aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their interrelationship, and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy.
true reality, of course, is the ideal, and the poet knows nothing of this;
we can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures, the passions in this case, and strengthen our rational side;
when he discusses the subject matter of poetry, he asks what moral effect the scenes will have.
when he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of < The Republic, > he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers.
when he turns briefly to literary style, in the Third Book, he again looks to the effect on the audience.
when we turn to Aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature, it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art.
while Aristotle censors literature only for the young, Plato would banish all poets from his ideal state.
while Plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men, still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue.
" I never saw men", Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen," so merry, so spirited, and so desirous to go on to the enemy, whatever force they might have, as that small party in this fight".
< in a real sense they are admittedly conservative >, but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original" radicalism" of 1776.
< students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy.
Kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years, primarily 1935-1955, but extending much farther back in some instances.
Morgan himself had sciatica again.
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait.
Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy, who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans.
Nathanael Greene told Washington that" Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen".
a body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope, a tempting target for the riflemen, who threw a volley into their ranks and" messed up" the smart formation considerably.
a few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp.
a picket guard of about 350, mostly Hessians, were attacked by the Americans under Lafayette, and driven back to their camp, some twenty to thirty of them falling before the riflemen's fire.
a variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality, work-success ethic, individualism, achievement, lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability, moral relativism, consideration and tolerance, conformity, hedonistic present-time orientation.
after all, feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth.
although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity, and thinks that" hedonistic" present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it, he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt, do not stress achievement so much as formerly, are more accepting of group harmony as a goal, more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures.
although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis, Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats.
although we have no measures of its strength or intensity, the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained.
and as they go through college, the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong.
and it may be well to recall that to say" conformity" is, in part, another way of saying" orderly human society".
as one looks at the existing evidence, one finds a correlation, although only a slight one, between high grades and" libertarian" values.
as they move through the college years our young men and women are" socialized" into a broadly similar culture, at the level of personal behavior.
as we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation, we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance, of low intensity.
at the same time, a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment, an anchor for family life, a source of emotional security.
avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity >.
but the Maryland militia had likewise fled, all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution, an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general, as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements.
but the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen.
but the extent of ethical robotism is easily overestimated.
but, here again, comparative benchmarks are lacking, and we do not know, in any case, what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy, young, secure and relatively inexperienced persons;
college in gross- just the general experience- may have varying effects, but the < the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values >.
detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu, the students tend to assimilate a new common < culture >, to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus.
even on his tough constitution, the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest.
few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning.
for instance, college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties.
from New Jersey, Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, arriving there on November 18th.
furthermore, in certain respects, there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country.
here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British, but soon fled.
in order to prevent this, Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort, including a force under the Marquis de Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen, all who were fit for duty at this time, the rest having no shoes.
in other words, as students go through college, those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a" Bill of Rights" orientation.
in the field of religious beliefs and values, the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture.
in this sense also, they are surely conformists.
it exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion ( church, ordained personnel, ritual, dogma ).
it is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity-" everyone does it"- as a criterion for conduct.
nor are optimistic and socially-oriented themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country.
now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British, giving them another telling round of fire.
on the morning of November 17th, Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New Jersey.
our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society, and, in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems, make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns.
our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved.
similar orders were given to the Maryland militia.
still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek, in what they regard as religion, intellectual clarity, rational belief, and ethical guidance and reinforcement.
the British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill, near the right wing of the patriot encampment.
the British, although suffering considerable losses, noted the defection of the Marylanders, made a stand, then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire.
the interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity.
the redcoats ran like rabbits.
the religious quest is often intense and deep, and there are students on every campus who are seriously wrestling with the most profound questions of meaning and value.
the students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups, to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes, and to lack a basic faith in people.
the" cult of adjustment" does exist.
their commitments are, for the most part, couched in a familiar idiom.
there is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that < the experience of the college years results in a certain, selective homogenization of attitudes and values >.
there was much sickness in the corps, and the men were, in addition, without the clothing, shoes, and blankets needed for the winter weather.
these personal and social goals often overshadow the goals of intellectual clarity, and spiritual transcendence.
this finding is consistent also with the fact that student leaders are more likely to be supporters of the values implicit in civil liberties than the other students.
to the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture- and still valid in 1959- < we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent, beat, apathetic >, or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes.
upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation, and that conclusions that present-day students are" more" or" less" religious could not be defended on the basis of our data.
when their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues, e&g&, suppression of" dangerous ideas", many waver and give in.
yet they have accepted most of the extant" welfare state" provisions for health, security, and the regulation of economic affairs, and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional" liberalism" of the Bill of Rights.
" tact", by its very derivation, implies that its possessor keeps in touch with other people, but the author of < Clericis Laicos > and < Unam Sanctam >, the wielder of the two swords, the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection, the peer of Caesar and vice-regent of Christ, was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like.
Alfred knew that, too.
Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place.
Alfred, who was a good deal older than Harry, had treated him like a son, and when Harry decided to stay in business with Lew instead of going with Alfred, Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal.
Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king, but Othon, who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight, merited his position solely by his own character and ability.
Boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs, for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars, but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two.
Boniface was later to explain to the English that Robert of Burgundy and Guy de St&-Pol were easy enough to do business with;
I became fifteen, sixteen, then twenty, and still Tessie Alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair, and Alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes.
I do n't know how and I do n't know why but the two stores, the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership, were dissolved, separated from each other.
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred.
Tessie, everybody thought, was a strong woman, but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on.
a northern ambassador, willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open, could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia.
a second truce had been arbitrated in April, 1298, by Jean d' Arlay, lord of Chalon-sur-Saone, the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies, and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon, Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition.
and when Alfred was forced into his bed, Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home, rocking in her rocker in the living room, staring out the window- the rose still in her hair.
and yet he made no pretense about it;
bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities, and while the English, so far, had done no more than grumble, Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to, for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops, and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued.
because of these involvements in the matter at stake, Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter, and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless.
behind him lay the Low Countries, where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as" a malediction of little tabernacles, one on top of the other, with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all, for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble";
but Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason, and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France.
but all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it, for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent.
but although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king, Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy.
but when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret, one of the principal actors in the drama, could misinterpret the pope's motives, it is possible that Othon and his companions, equally baffled, attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause.
do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas possessions"?
everything was all very friendly, except when it came to Harry, the youngest brother.
from that day on he never spoke to Harry or to Lew, or to Lew 's two boys, Mort and Jimmy.
he was a learned and brilliant man, one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight, and yet in his dealings with other people, particularly when he tried to be ingratiating, he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives.
he was unable to send any more help to his allies on the Continent, and during the next few years many of them, left to resist French pressure unaided, surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with Philip.
in all the talk of feudal rights, the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers, nor was it easy to do so, for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth, the former to be spun and woven by the Arte della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members, Bernardo Rucellai, the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves.
in spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred.
in spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier, the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on, and although little is known about it, that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict.
in the eyes of those who still cared for such things, it was a reflection on his honor, and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects, who were already grumbling- although probably not in Latin-" Non est lex sana Quod regi sit mea lana".
instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her.
it usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town.
it was a very tempting offer.
it was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they did n't know each other.
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil.
loyal and unscrupulous, with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies, he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until, by a kind of poetic justice, he fell at the battle of Courtrai, the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings.
my father would have done it if it had n't been for my mother, who had a fear of being in debt to anyone- even Alfred Alpert.
one of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother, Lew.
she could n't cook or clean or make him comfortable.
spring was life- and Alfred Alpert in his sickroom was death.
the English, relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill, were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home.
the French were now occupying Gascony and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract.
the Frenchman's answer was a terse" Vous dites vrai".
the Low Countries, where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson.
the Scots had found a new leader in William Wallace, and Edward 's yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes, which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy.
the defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English, for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans.
the six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers.
the store was their marriage, and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together.
the younger men, Vere, and Pembroke, who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend, Piers Gaveston, to nickname him" Joseph the Jew", were relatively new to the game of diplomacy, but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before, and Hotham, a man of great learning," jocund in speech, agreeable to meet, of honest religion, and pleasing in the eyes of all", and an archbishop to boot, was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself.
these chatty merchants made amusing and instructive traveling companions, for their business took them to all four corners of the globe, and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the < Inferno > will prove.
these shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole, but also directly involved the two Savoyards, Amadee and Othon.
they had my mother's opinion of him: that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true.
they had other topics of conversation, besides their news from courts and fairs, which were of interest to Othon, the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country.
they had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness, they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham, and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized.
they were like two strangers.
this also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission, and they could foresee that that would not be easy.
this lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre Flotte and his associates, that" brilliant group of mediocre men", as Powicke calls them, who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne, the duke of Burgundy, and the count of St&-Pol.
this was Boniface's monumental tactlessness.
this was a doubly bitter blow to the king.
time went on and everybody got older.
to the pope, head of the universal Church, to the duke of Burgundy, taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire, or to Othon, who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson, Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible.
underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain, the king of France, in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate Scots.
when the pope, trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature, said to him," You have already taken Normandy.
Charles Plummer in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of Bede voiced some early doubts concerning the" elaborate superstructure" they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the conquest.
I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness;
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from.
I helped Lilly in the store.
I wanted to help so that we could find time to play.
I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road.
Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby.
Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected.
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk.
Sir Henry Howorth, writing in 1898, put himself firmly in the Lappenburg-Kemble tradition by attacking the veracity of the West Saxon annals.
almost inevitably, the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs, Freeman and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain.
although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names, the editorial principles laid down by Stevenson in his great edition of Asser and in his < Crawford Charters > were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today.
although one meets with occasional extremists like Zachrisson or, very recently, Arthur Wade-Evans the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and gullibility.
and Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape.
and even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand.
and it is this, particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis, which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon Shore.
and she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked.
and with the publication of E& T& Leeds' < Archaeology of the Anglo-Saxon Settlements > the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known.
as R&H& Hodgkin has remarked:" the critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative.
as Sir Charles Oman once said," it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins".
at the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian.
by 1913, Ferdinand Lot could begin an article subtitled" < La conquete de la Grande-Bretagne par les Saxons >" with the words," < Il est difficile aujourd ' hui d' entretenir des illusions sur la valeur du recit traditionnel de la conquete de la Grande-Bretagne > **h".
childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins.
despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail, as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca& 450 ) influx of Germans as the type of invasions.
diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship.
early in the present century, W& H& Stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against Guest.
even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in.
even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development.
following him in varying degrees of scepticism were T&W& Shore, H&M& Chadwick, Thomas Hodgkin and F& G& Beck.
for it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than Kemble's gradualist approach which dominates the field.
he spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language.
in archaeology, for example, the contributions of Frederick Haverfield and Reginald Smith to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian.
in fact, modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century.
in sum, it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century.
it is also worthy of note that Lot cited both Kemble and Lappenberg with favor in that article.
it ran north, away from the town and the people, through woods and past the nothingness of a graveyard.
it was Plummer, in fact, who coined the much quoted remark:" mr& Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress".
it was n't hard to understand.
it was therefore not until the publication of J&H& Round 's" The Settlement of the South and East Saxons", and W&H& Stevenson's" Dr& Guest and the English Conquest of South Britain", that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established.
it was unexpected, unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down, down, and her mark of friendship was to look into your face.
it would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.
later, when I was older, I found the song was part of Schubert 's < Die Scho^ne Mu^llerin >.
most now admit that Bede, Gildas, Nennius and the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest, Freeman and Green thought them to be.
nevertheless, in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school.
on the other hand, the consensus of opinion is that, used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence, the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain.
place-names, in fact, had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of Camden onwards.
she had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street.
the brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world.
the road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream.
the song, he said, was called" The Stream's Lullaby", and when he sang," Gute ruh, Gute ruh, Mach 't die augen zu" there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me.
the turn of the century, or to be more precise, the two decades preceeding and following it, marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship.
the value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized.
their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals, the confused chronology of Bede, the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted.
therefore, in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated.
this huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream.
to me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl.
to me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life.
to people who did n't know her she was a gawky, badly dressed kid whose arms were too long, whose legs were a little too bony.
we were almost the same age, she was fifteen, I was twelve, and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary.
what was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies.
when the work was finished, we would walk.
when these chores were finished, only then, was she allowed whatever freedom she could find.
when we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while.
without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology, however, it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else.
## It was one thing to call men to the colors;
Baker moved first;
Baker put the" cribs" and the saloons out of bounds, ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities, and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored.
Fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution, with < filles de joie > from all over the country flocking to San Antonio, Laredo, and El Paso to" woman the cribs".
Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington, and it was immediately forthcoming.
Fosdick, a brother of minister Harry Emerson Fosdick, was a graduate of Princeton, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the American Philosophical Association.
Secretary of War Baker, blindfolded, put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called.
a man in Mississippi wired:" thanks for drawing 258- that 's me".
a typical cantonment in the North had twelve hundred buildings, an electric-sewer-water system, and twenty-five miles of roads.
affirmatively Baker worked on the premise that" young men spontaneously prefer to be decent, and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the baser temptations".
after Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote:" may he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country".
at Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before.
both Baker and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary, that a < verboten > approach was not the real answer.
both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy Daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment.
both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare, even a newspaper.
democratic Floor Leader Claude Kitchin would have no part of the measure.
during the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution.
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 < per week > per 1,000 men.
even so Fosdick, as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities, encountered strong and vociferous opposition.
from the point of view of popularity the best-known member of the Commission was Walter Camp, the Yale athlete whose sobriquet was" the father of American football".
he also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem, including Commanding General Frederick Funston who gave Fosdick the nickname of" Reverend".
he was Julius Kahn for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great.
he was placed in charge of athletics, and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen.
he was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system.
his assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in 1916 to investigate lurid newspaper stories about lack of discipline, drunkenness, and venereal disease in American military camps.
in Europe, Premier Clemenceau, showing his animal proclivities as the" Tiger of France", asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied.
in a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps, each one accommodating fifty thousand men- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North.
in early June ten million young men registered by name and number.
in later years Josephus Danielswas to claim that World War 1, was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers.
in mid-September 1918, the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp;
in spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17, 1917.
in spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War 1, was 15 per 1,000 per year, contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War, and 65 in the American Civil War.
in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it.
in the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President, aimed at Germany, had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Committee- a Republican Jew born in Germany!
in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the" big Ditch" in ten years.
it was 258.
it was a gargantuan task;
it was another to house, feed, and train them.
it was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle, due to the provision of trained medical personnel ( of the 200,000 officers, 42,000 were physicians ), compulsory vaccination, rigorous camp sanitation, and adequate hospital facilities.
it was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19.
new Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks, and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for" the God-given right of men to be men".
on July 20, the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers.
on the basis of the long chronicle of military history Funston and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder.
over these voluntary agencies, in 1917-18, the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what < Survey > called" the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times".
six days after war was declared he appointed Raymond Fosdick chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities ( the CTCA ).
the CTCA program of activities was profuse: William Farnum and Mary Pickford on the screen, Elsie Janis and Harry Lauder on the stage, books provided by the American Library Association, full equipment for games and sports- except that no" bones" were furnished for the all-time favorite pastime played on any floor and known as" African golf".
the day passed without incident in spite of the warning of Senator James A& Reed of Missouri:" Baker, you will have the streets of our American cities running with blood on registration day".
the existing Army posts were wholly inadequate.
the malady was popularly known as the" Spanish flu" from the alleged locale of its origin.
the problem involved military necessity as much as morality, for in pre-penicillin days venereal disease was a crippling disability.
the result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history.
the total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the Panama Canal, but in 1917 time was in short supply;
the wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA, the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association, and the Playground and Recreation Association- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2,.
the world-wide total of deaths from" Spanish flu" was around twenty million;
their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a libertine, and that in sex affairs" God-given passion" was a proof of manliness.
there was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future.
they were aware that soldiers went to town, in more ways than one, because of the monotony of camp life, to find the only release available in the absence of movies, reading rooms, and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment.
this enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth.
this was the negative side of the situation.
to the middle of September 1918, there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army.
ultimately Fosdick's" Fit to fight" slogan swept across the country and every well-known red-light district in the United States was closed, a hundred and ten of them.
under Fosdick the first executive officer of the CTCA was Richard Byrd, whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar antipodes.
when Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was:" for God's sake, Raymond, do n't show this to the President or he 'll stop the war".
when the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed.
" if you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation", Sturley wrote," besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have @20 for recompence".
## The wedding of the Hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in Goethe 's thought.
Edward Greville, born about 1565, had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589.
Faust rescuing Helen from Menelaus' vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition.
Goethe asks in < Wilhelm Meister > whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower, and the light of the Mediterranean glows through < Torquato Tasso > and the < Roman Elegies >.
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit, with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance, should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic.
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends.
Greville proposed Quiney as the fittest man" for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter", and at his suggestion the corporation allowed Quiney two shillings a day.
I mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs, the sacraments of grace and divine retribution, the idea of preordainment ( the oracle over Oedipus, the prophecy of the witches to Macbeth, or God's covenant with His people in < Athalie > ).
I refer to the notion that the structure of society is a microcosm of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and chastisement as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction.
Rousseau's primitivism, the anti-Newtonian mythology of Blake, Coleridge's organic metaphysics, Victor Hugo's image of the poets as the Magi, and Shelley's" unacknowledged legislators" are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism.
Sir Ed& Gre& is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond& as I heare, who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good".
Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward" gave his allowance and liking thereof, and affied unto us his best endeavour, so that his rights be preserved", and that" Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause, for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time".
Thomas the elder married twice, had seventeen children, and died in 1615.
a third Thomas Bushell ( 1594-1674 )," much loved" by Bacon, called himself" the Superlative Prodigall" in < The First Part of Youths Errors > ( 1628 ) and became an expert on silver mines and on the art of running into debt.
after Shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind seers, the poets, or Orpheus performing his art in the face of hell.
after the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar.
and although they were, as I have indicated, under increasing strain at the time of Racine, they are still alive in his theatre.
and in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part, radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge.
and their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists.
at Milcote on November 3, 1597, the aldermen asked him to support their petition for a new charter.
available evidence regarding the natural world, the course of history, and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies.
bridges, a son by his second wife, was christened at Pebworth in 1607, but Thomas the younger was living at Packwood two years later and sold Broad Marston manor in 1622.
but one major fact seems undeniable.
but the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works, and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov.
classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination.
concepts such as grace, damnation, purgation, blasphemy, or the chain of being, which are everywhere implicit in classic and Shakespearean tragedy, lose their vitality.
from this action sprang the idea of somehow uniting Greek and Shakespearean drama into a new total form, capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses.
he had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25.
he refused his consent to the election of Quiney as bailiff in 1592, but gave it at the request of the recorder, his cousin Sir Fulke Greville.
his Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages.
his daughter Elinor married Quiney's son Adrian in 1613, and his son Henry married Mary Lane of Stratford in 1609.
his son Thomas, aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582, married as his first wife Margaret, sister of Sir Edward Greville.
in his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24, 1597, Sturley asked Quiney especially that" theare might [ be ] bi Sir Ed& Grev& some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged, and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie.
it could not really be fulfilled.
it is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through Marlowe's < Faustus >.
it tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty.
mr& Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joyce Hobday, widow of a Stratford glover.
on the narrower ground of poetic form, he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will.
the Bishop of Gloucester described the elder Thomas in 1577 as the richest recusant in his diocese, worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods.
the conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling.
the corporation entertained him for dinner at Quiney's house in 1596, with wine and sugar sent by the bailiff, Sturley.
the corporation voted on September 27, 1598, that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John Fortescue, chancellor of the Exchequer, for discharging of the tax and subsidy.
the dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew German ambitions toward Rome and Sicily.
the dream of achieving a synthesis between the Sophoclean and the Shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of Shelley and Victor Hugo to that of Bayreuth.
the knights for Warwickshire in this parliament, which ended its session on February 9, were Fulke Greville ( the poet ) and William Combe of Warwick, as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593.
the motif of Faust's love for Helen of Troy goes back to the sources of the Faustian legend.
the necromantic change from the palace at Sparta to Faust's Gothic castle directs us to the aesthetic meaning of the myth- the translation of antique drama into Shakespearean and romantic guise.
the poet was by definition a realist, his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality.
the romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change.
the third Act of < Faust > 2, is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic, between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama.
the wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust, but Faust assumes his role voluntarily.
there can be no greater magic than to wrest from death her in whom the flesh was all, in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible.
there had not yet supervened between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas.
these conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare.
they are Descartes, Newton, and Voltaire.
they are as decisively present in the < Oresteia > and < Oedipus > as in < Macbeth, King Lear >, and < Phedre >.
they are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy.
they become philosophic abstractions of a private and problematic relevance, or mere catchwords in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief.
they order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars.
they were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable.
this translation, or rather the fusion of the two ideals, creates the < Gesamtkunstwerk >, the" total art form".
until the advent of rational empiricism the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and allegoric.
when Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff, they sent the letter to Mr& William Sawnders, attendant on the worshipful Mr& Thomas Bushell at Marston.
#RELIGION WITHOUT SUPERNATURALISM# Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown.
Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England, claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers.
Adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment.
Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon, for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote.
Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess.
Ranke and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness;
a credulousness, a distaste for documentation, an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts, and a proneness to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public.
a similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources.
a& M& Wergeland called the Adams method literally antihistorical, while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence.
all critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency.
all of Adams' work reflects this dogmatic characteristic.
and, since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity, his research should eliminate the supernatural.
but Adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only motivating factor behind religion.
but it was nothing more than that.
certainly, he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history, but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine.
conversely, if statistics were uncovered which contradicted a cherished theory, the sources were denounced as faulty.
even D& A& Wasson, who compared < The Emancipation of Massachusetts > to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes, was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author.
for Adams had made up his mind before all the facts were available.
furthermore, he must regard religion as the expression of human forces.
he cites the French Revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the Italians, who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances.
he deplored the impact of German historiography on the writing of history, terming it a" dismal monster".
he did not deny God;
he pontificates that" one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes".
he simply did not believe that a Creator intervened or interfered in human affairs.
he wrote eloquently to William James that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable.
his credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to < The Emancipation of Massachusetts >, which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England.
however, as a practicing historian, he, himself, has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history.
however, despite the insight of many of his observations, his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods.
if he found data that fitted his general plan, he used it and counted his sources trustworthy.
if the historian was convinced of his own correctness, then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts.
impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis.
in all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian.
in fact, if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism, they must be based on scanty evidence.
in light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement, particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views.
in summary, Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature.
in the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion, economics, and Darwinism, the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history.
it made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
it was history that must be in error, not the historian.
it was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business.
it was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method- namely, the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts.
it was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities.
j& T& Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade, and he urged Adams to" transform his essay into a real history, embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory, but also the modifications and exceptions".
moreover, he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history.
moreover, he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen, casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because" the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value".
moreover, stated Day," He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis".
much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy, but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as" good and trustworthy history".
no page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization.
on matters of race he was similarly inflexible:" most of the modern Latin races seem to have inherited **h the rigidity of the Roman mind".
one example of this was his assertion that" **h all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force".
religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man, not God.
students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was, indeed, a direct connection.
such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation.
the German barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example:" the Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race, who comprehended little of natural laws, and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention.
the desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian.
the historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion.
there is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such revolts have been dealt with by force- only a bald dogmatism that they must, because of some undefined compulsion, be so repelled.
there was no evidence, either of a positive or negative type, of the actions of a Divine Being in this world;
this is certainly an irrational dogmatism, in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms.
this is not to assume that his work was without merit, but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach.
this should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings, but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator.
to keep themselves entrenched in power, the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle.
what evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks, unlike his older brother Henry, had most of the methodological vices usually found in the amateur.
what is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams.
what was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought.
" but however we go, whatever our doom, it will not take the Orwellian shape".
" did you ever know a man with greater zest for information?
" this whole Washington venture was my last gesture, and it has failed.
#8# ON JANUARY 8, 1927, he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits, and looking fit.
Blackman arrived a day or two early, and Lewis took him to a department store immediately and outfitted him, luggage and all, and then he took him to a party at the Woodwards that went on until four in the morning.
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City.
Blackman was to be in New York by February 2, because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning.
Charles Breasted remembers that, before unpacking his bag, he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order, and almost at once" the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P&M& and three A&M&".
Harcourt replied:" I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time.
I am really ill at the present moment, and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself".
I should have replied," I probably know something about the best part of you".
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along, and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own, they would do that in New York.
Lewis was spending his mornings, with the help of two secretaries, on the galleys of that long novel, making considerable revisions, and the combination of hard work and hard frivolity exhausted him once more, so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor Sanatorium in the last week of January.
S&K& was visiting C&C&B& and, not waiting for breakfast, he was off to the University Club, where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for the < Manchester guardian > or the < Glasgow Herald >.
Woodward took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis 's drinking and urged him to" try to keep him sober".
after a dinner party for which she had come down to New York, Mrs& Lewis and Casanova arrived to see them off, and Elinor Wylie made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation.
and his memory, like an elephant 's, stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings".
and she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall, in Cromwell, Connecticut.
and that was the end.
and when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation, she said," I adore him, and he adores me".
as they stood at the first-class rail, waving down to his wife and Casanova below, Lewis said," Earl, there is Gracie's future husband".
before he made that retreat, he telephoned Earl Blackman in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him.
both Alfred Harcourt and Donald Brace had written him enthusiastic praise of < Elmer Gantry > ( any changes could be made in proof, which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies- the largest first printing of any book in history.
but I only thought of that in the middle of the night.
but none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves.
but not for long.
but put them before a situation which they are forced to depict",- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war,-" and they have no hesitation;
but, in departing, Lewis begged Breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return, and he took with him the first thirty galleys of < Elmer Gantry >.
finally, colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer, even speakers like S&K&, so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years.
for a time, urging Breasted to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead, he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel;
for him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity.
he did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall, but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to" stand behind" her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them.
he had been, he wrote Mencken at once," in the country", a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him.
he looked at her as she spoke, then got up as she was speaking still, and, simply and wordlessly, walked out.
he telephoned L& M& Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests, but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when < Elmer Gantry > was published.
he was convinced that George Orwell 's < 1984 > was nearly all wrong as it applied to England, which was" driving forward into uncharted waters", with the danger of a new tyranny ahead.
he was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the < Gantry > galleys were finished.
he went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken.
his wife, Katie," as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle",- she was then seventy-six,- had a" a sense of humour that has been denied S&K&, but neither has any aesthetic perceptions.
however, at eighty-five, he had still been busy writing articles, reviewing and speaking, and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States.
if Breasted agreed, they would get a car and tour the country, visiting every kind of industrial center.
later, rising ninety, he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles, as he put it, but, calling himself the Needy Knife-grinder, he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done.
many years later I went to see S&K& in England, where he was living at Whiteleaf, near Aylesbury, and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled.
mr& Burlingham,-" C&C&B&"- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine, S& K& Ratcliffe, whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston.
my last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down.
nevertheless, Mrs& Lewis was still solicitous of his condition: let him do as he wished, let him sleep with chambermaids if he must, but, she begged Blackman, try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health.
of course I hope Hal can also, but those hopes are much more faint".
on January 4, with the boys back at school and college, Mrs& Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was" thro, quite thro".
on New Year's Eve, Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp, a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves.
on the evening that they were to sail, Lewis himself gave a party, but he was too indisposed to appear at it.
or nearly.
people and books are enough for them".
physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance.
she was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad.
then, all but blind, he said there was nothing in < Back to Methuselah > ,-" G&B&S& ought to have known that",- and" I look at my bookshelves despairingly, knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them".
they merely do their best to make it real for others".
they were strays of every kind- university students and journalists, Village hangers-on and barflies, taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets, as well as friends like Elinor Wylie and William Rose Benet, the Van Dorens and Nathan, Rebecca West and Hugh Walpole and Osbert Sitwell, Laurence Stallings, Lewis Browne, William Seabrook, Arthur Hopkins, the Woodwards.
they would go to New York together, where parties would be piled on weariness and on misery.
when Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him, Lewis decided to go abroad.
when he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon, Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find, but there almost always was one.
while S&K& did not like Dylan Thomas, I liked his poems very much, but I made the mistake of telling Dylan Thomas so, whereupon he said to me," I suppose you think you know all about me".
with facts mainly in his mind, he was often acute in the matter of style, and he said," The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines.
with their facile generalizations about the United States, these mediocrities, as they often were, had been great successes.
would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A, Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning?
< Childhood's End > - apparently indebted to Kurd Lasswitz's utopian romance, < Auf Zwei Planeten > ( 1897 ), and also to Wells's histories of the future, especially < The World Set Free > ( 1914 ) and < The Shape of Things to Come > ( 1933)- describes the bloodless conquest of earth by the Overlords, vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development, an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe.
Aubrey's mention of it ( 2:67, and Bodleian MS Aubr& 8, f& 63 ) comes from this prolusion, through Christopher Milton or Edward Phillips.
Milton himself, uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities, at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker, under any and all conditions.
Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar, logic-rhetoric, ethics, physics or natural philosophy, metaphysics, and Latin, Greek, and Hebrew.
Milton was to act as the archfool, the supreme wit, the lightly bantering < pater, Pater Liber, > who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment, or could at will annihilate the common enemies of the college gathering, and with words alone.
Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results.
a man could travel anywhere he pleased, eat whatever he fancied- without handing over any money".
above all, he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry.
all western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century.
and his performances attracted much attention, as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies.
apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals, which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see < Apology, > 3:300 );
arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland, the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice, order, and benevolence prevail and ignorance, poverty, and fear have ceased to exist.
ball games, especially football, required some attention, and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator.
both abolition of war and new techniques of production, particularly robot factories, greatly increase the world's wealth, a situation described in the following passage, which has the true utopian ring:" everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free, provided as a public service by the community, as roads, water, street lighting and drainage had once been.
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of < Prolusion 6, > except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter.
but even in that famous passage, Milton was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by ' persons either enter 'd, or presently to enter into the ministry '.
but his greatest achievement, in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers, was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces, and he was often called on to do so.
but that scarcely means that he was the aloof, forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows, the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this.
but the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school, and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others, such as the first prolusion, that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy.
but these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then.
considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long, what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future, have attacked the < Childhood's End > kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition.
from an exercise involving merely raucous, rough-and-tumble comedy, in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play, indecent at times, but always learned, pointed, and carefully aimed at some individuals present, and at the whole assembly.
graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight, wiry frame, he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college, to which he himself referred in < Prolusion 6,: a quibusdam, audivi nuper Domina >.
he also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute, the verses, of course, to be delivered from memory.
he could produce carefully constructed orations, set and formal speeches, artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide, and then delivered verbatim from memory.
he had also learned to dispute extempore remarkably well, the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of 1628.
he had also sampled various special fields of learning, being unable to miss some study of divinity, Justinian ( law ), and Galen ( medicine ).
he had learned to dispute devastatingly, both formally and informally in Latin, and according to the rules on any topic, pro or con, drawn from almost any subject, more especially from Aristotle's works.
he smoked, as did everybody, and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day, although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and, we must add, of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers.
he was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance, medium stature, and handsome face.
his early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside.
his later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon.
his other activities are not so easily recovered.
his statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive, but inconclusive.
in Arthur Clarke's < Childhood's End > ( 1953 ), though written after the present flood of dystopias began, we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined.
in short, the traditional epithet for Milton of ' Lady of Christ's ', while eminently fitting, rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us.
it differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates.
it is not a question of truth or falsity;
it may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform, if again we may trust the opening of the < oratio >, for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary.
lines 23-36 of < Lycidas > later point to a friendship with Edward King, who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626.
mankind, as a result, attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture, a golden age which the Overlords, a very evident symbol of science, have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities.
no other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted.
on the other hand, the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies- science fiction, of course, is related, if sometimes distantly, to that utopian literature optimistic about science, literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy 's < Looking Backward > and H& G& Wells 's < A Modern Utopia >.
perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading, discussion with a few- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger Gill, very few- congenial companions.
perhaps, in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men, he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises.
that is, if we can trust that most specious of prolusions, packed as it is with wit and persiflage.
the < Domina > sounds real enough, if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use;
the Gog Magog Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling.
the churches, the taverns, and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them.
the country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery, though it offers easy going to the foot traveler.
the entire exercise, Latin and English, is most suggestive of the kind of person Milton had become at Christ 's during his undergraduate career;
the fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy ( 1644 ) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to eschew such performances.
the mere fact that he was selected, though as a substitute, to act as interlocutor or moderator for it, or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ', is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp.
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true- or discarded as false.
the tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north, with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River, may have attracted him often, as it did many other youths of the time.
the town itself and the" reedy Cam" he often visited, as did all in the university.
then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another in < Naturam non Pati Senium >, and perhaps also the < De Idea Platonica >.
these were his public academic activities, < domi forisque >, in the college and in the university.
thus science is the savior of mankind, and in this respect < Childhood's End > only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which, though not always so directly stated, has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers.
to do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery, a talent not bestowed on many persons, but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which, at least in this performance, he obviously reveled.
under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia.
what manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College?
with destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life- rebuilding entire cities, expanding facilities for entertainment, providing unlimited opportunities for education- indeed, for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest.
writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot.
" how on earth do you manage it?
" well", I replied," some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary".
" why", he replied," it is perfectly simple;
## Let me then ( and in public ) glance into the mirror.
## Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography?
## Without really changing the general subject, I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts, not only about pacifism, but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous;
I have changed and I have reversed opinions;
I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now;
I know that one must act.
I never have been, and am not now, any kind of utopian.
I would, however, like to suggest that, wrong though I may be, the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember, and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon.
after a moment 's thought he replied," That still leaves you a lot of latitude".
all you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time".
and I suppose it did.
apropos of what some would call cynicism, I remember an anecdote the source of which I forget.
at about the age of twelve I became a Spencerian liberal, and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since Spencer became a reactionary.
at least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made.
blasphemous?
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged.
but I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism, to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned;
but at least the question has been raised.
but he, as I can now retort, was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation:" I have seen the future and it works".
but in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were: passionate, sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of, capable of seeing black and white only and, therefore, committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to.
but one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive.
cynical?
even to be" from hope and fear set free" is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second.
for my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs.
fundamental values, temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less, of course, than specific opinions.
he asked me suddenly," What are < your > political opinions"?
in fact I cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the noose or the electric chair if I had to take, as an individual, the responsibility for his death.
it concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by confining a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door.
it is not something that can be expected to happen now.
it is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention.
it will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could.
just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist, so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or, if I could avoid it, even a member of a hanging jury.
life, they say, should be regarded as sacred and, therefore, as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away.
many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past.
many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately, even if they have never actually been told, what my age is.
namely, the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances.
never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums" an interesting experiment".
not only his parishioners, but the whole town and, ultimately, the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson.
not really, it seems to me.
once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train, and the subject of the < Nation > came up.
one day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret.
one is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old.
one may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age.
serenity, if one is fortunate enough to achieve it, is not so good as joy, but it is something.
several times in my youth I voted the Socialist ticket, but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat, and I voted for Franklin Roosevelt every time he was a candidate.
so far as I am concerned, the child is unmistakably father to the man, despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse.
so that, although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of, I can still resist prevailing opinions.
that fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary, as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr& Nixon and Mr& Khrushchev for them hardly worth noting.
that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves, as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality, as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was.
the favorite excuse of those who have now recanted their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop.
the other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion, or change of opinion, whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences.
the promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future tense.
the reason is, I think, my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere, and that I am simply too old to hope.
there are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record.
there is no trick involved.
there was, it seems to me, enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out.
to those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally, or politically, or sociologically antiquated ( and I have reason to know that there are some such ), I would like to say what I have already hinted, namely, that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind.
what is the trick"?
when I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement," the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical", it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths.
with this excuse I have never been much impressed.
yet during the years when I was on the staff of the < Nation, > I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question.
" for six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing" writes the narrator," not to understand that man begins with ' the other '".
" oh for the green of Europe!
" something much more thorough is required".
" this", he said," is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world.
Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding.
a slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold, a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe.
an equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O&E&C&D& Conceived as an organ of economic coo^peration, there is no reason why O&E&C&D& cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire.
and Vincent Berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men.
and of course the Soviet threat was responsible for NATO, the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations.
and when Vincent Berger returns to Europe, this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation.
another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet aggression.
as Lester Pearson wrote in 1955:" NATO cannot live on fear alone.
at the end of World War 2,, free Europe was ready for a new beginning.
besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of British insularity, Britain's move, if successful, will constitute an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world.
but as he discovers shortly, on returning among intellectuals obsessed by < le culte du moi, > his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson.
citing the advances of Communist power in recent years, Sir Anthony observed:" this very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it".
citing the experience of the Combined Chiefs of Staff in World War 2,, Eden said that all would have been confusion and disarray without them.
despite Berger's report, Enver Pasha refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood Alliance;
finally, after almost being beaten to death by a madman- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe.
for a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which, as so often in Malraux, suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life.
for a time it appeared that a common European army might be created, but the project for a European Defense Community was rejected by the French National Assembly in 1954.
for centuries the North Atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other.
had Churchill been returned to office in 1945, it is just possible that Britain, instead of standing fearfully aloof, would have < led > Europe toward union.
if a broader Atlantic community is to be formed- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance.
in 1946 Sir Winston Churchill, who had spoken often of European union during the war, advocated the formation of" a kind of United States of Europe".
in 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coo^rdinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Coo^peration to supervise and coo^rdinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan.
in 1949 the Council of Europe came into existence, a purely consultative parliamentary body but the first organ of political rather than functional unity.
in 1952, the European Coal and Steel Community was launched, placing the coal and steel production of France, West Germany, Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority.
in 1957 the social-economic approach to European integration was capped by the formation among" the Six" of a tariff-free European Common Market, and Euratom for coo^peration in the development of atomic energy.
in a pessimistic assessment of the cold war, Eden declared:" there must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East".
in other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds.
indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations, because it could encompass < all > of the members of the Atlantic community including those, like Sweden and Switzerland, who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like NATO.
it cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being".
it may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate, that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world.
many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement.
new organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the NATO alliance.
now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the" Outer Seven".
one such event is the landing in Europe itself, when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident, after the blank immensities of Asia, shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite < possibilities > of human life.
ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate, said the former Prime Minister.
that time is now past and the Atlantic nations, if they are to survive, must develop a full-fledged community, and they must also look beyond the frontiers of" Western civilization" toward a world-wide" concert of free nations".
the Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the Brussels Treaty, a 50-year alliance among Britain, France and the Benelux countries.
the NATO Council is available as an executive agency, the Standing Group as a high military authority.
the United States and Canada belong only to NATO and the new O&E&C&D&.
the United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European Recovery Program to push the hesitant European nations toward political federation as well as economic coo^peration, but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time.
the excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war, and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable.
the existence of a community is a state of mind- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared, that effective communication is possible, that mutual trust is reasonably assured.
the movement toward European unity has been expressed in two currents: federalism and functionalism, one looking to the constitution of a United States of Europe, the other building on wartime precedents of practical coo^peration for the solution of specific problems.
the problem of NATO is not one of machinery, of which there is an abundance, but of the will to use it.
the time is now ripe, indeed overdue, for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities, for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community.
the unofficial Conference of Parliamentarians is available as a potential legislative authority.
the" overseas" democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community.
there is nothing new in this;
they will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them".
this has been his first encounter with mankind, and, although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press, it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied.
this machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat, but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality.
thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines.
trains whistling in the night, the rattle and clatter of cabs **h".
under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia.
underlying these hopes and prescriptions is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community, at least a potential community.
we need joint chiefs of a political general staff".
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations, or" systems", and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West.
what is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty, which provides:" the Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being.
while I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention, I think that we must carry the analysis farther, bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our < need >, the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our < capacity >.
while it is hazardous to project the trend of history, it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world, particularly among the countries of Western Europe.
" I WENT TO THE CITY And there I did Weep, Men a-crowing likes asses, And living like sheep.
" anger will n't help.
< oh, can n't hold the han' of my love!
< oh, can n't hold the han' of my love!
> yes, I went to the city, And there I did bitterly cry, Men out of touch with the earth, And with never a glance at the sky.
>" Patchen is still the rebel, but he writes in a doleful, mournful tone.
Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a" man of anger and light".
I was born angry.
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music, but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz.
Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death.
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition, but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz" feeling" in the text of his poems, relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling.
Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz, including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations;
although it does not follow the metrical rules for a blues to be sung, the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling.
angry because I was that very one somebody was supposed To be fighting for".
angry that my father was being burnt alive in the mills;
angry that none of us knew anything but filth and poverty.
but since 1945, Sam Spade has undergone a metamorphosis;
can n't hold her little white han!
can n't hold her pure little han'!
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development.
everyone knows that private detectives in real life are not like Sam Spade and Pat Novak, but the real and the imaginary musician are closely linked.
he has become Friday on < Dragnet >, a mouthpiece of arbitrary police authority.
he has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work, and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry.
he has, like so many other secular and religious culture symbols, gone over to the side of the ruling classes.
he is New York-born and Jewish.
he is far from being a literary hero, yet is a creative artist.
he is forced to play for little money, and must often take another job to live.
he is usually something of an underdog, he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals.
he must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world, but who declines doing anything about it.
he spent one year at the University of North Carolina because Thomas Wolfe went there.
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading- for instance, he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves, and who never comes, and the old blues chants of Ma Rainy and other Negro singers- but usually the comparison is specious.
his approach to music is highly individualistic;
his revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems.
in 1945, probably almost every American not only knew who Sam Spade was, but had some kind of emotional feeling about him.
in < The Memoirs of a Shy Pornographer > ( 1945 ) Patchen exploited this national sentiment by making his hero, Albert Budd, a private detective.
in addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz, Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago.
in his recent book, < Hurray for Anything > ( 1957 ), one of the most important short poems- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements- is written for recital with jazz.
in many of his poems, death comes by train: a strongly evocative visual image.
in order to write with authority either about musicians, or as a musician, Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger, and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim.
in this respect, his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's.
it is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician.
it was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician.
let us see just how typical Krim is.
many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective, but where the detective is active and militant, the jazz musician is passive, almost a victim of society.
most important to Patchen, he was a non-literary hero, and very contemporary.
neither of these poems is an aberration;
obviously, the" private eye" can have no more appeal for Patchen.
perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident, and this passage from < First Will and Testament > may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it- if he did:" Lord love us, look at all the disconnected limbs floating hereabouts, like bloody feathers at that- and all the eyes are talking and all the hair are moving and all the tongue are in all the cheek **h".
perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out, and remains within the mainstream of his work, while being suited to a new form.
seen by the public, the musician is the underdog < par excellence >.
the accent is on improvisation rather than arrangements.
the differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz, the differences between the" hard bop" school of Rollins, and the" cerebral" experiments of Tristano, Konitz and Marsh, the general differences in the mores of white and negro musicians, all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public.
the following passage from" The Hangman's Great Hands" illustrates the directness of this anger.
the immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him, and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry, as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry.
the musician is non-intellectual and non-verbal;
the private detective ( at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the country ) is an individual hero fighting injustice.
the private detective is militant against injustice, a humorous and ironic explorer of the underworld;
the private detective must rely, as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth, on his wits.
the revolution in jazz that took place around 1949, the evolution from the" bebop" school of Dizzy Gillespie to the" cool" sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano, Lee Konitz, and the whole legend of Charlie Parker, had made an impression on many academic and literary men.
these new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians, but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry, for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician.
this angry and exasperated stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully modulated into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world.
this involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry.
to fill the job of contemporary hero in 1955, Patchen needed someone else.
while he is worldly, the musician often cultivates public attitudes of childlike astonishment and naivete.
" my touchstones **h had been strictly literature and, humanly enough, < American > literature ( because that was what I wanted to write )".
( there are no literary movements, there are only writers doing their work.
) when Krim says" mine was as severe a critical-intellectual environment as can be imagined", he is off his rocker.
), George Jean Nathan and Alexander Woollcott were honored in odd quarters, and the whole Booth Tarkington, Willa Catheter ( < sic > ), Pearl Buck, Amy Lowell, William Lyon Phelps atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles smog over the country.
< partisan Review > and the other literary magazines helped to educate, in the best sense, an entire generation.
Berto 's < The Sky Is Red > had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war.
Berto knew all about Fascism.
Berto seemed worried, too.
Krim's aesthetic combines anti-intellectualism, conscious and unconscious nai^vete, and a winsome reliance upon the" natural" and upon" experience".
Rimanelli is tough and square-built and adventurous, says what he thinks.
an Italian poet had noticed plainclothes policemen lounging around the area of Quirinal Palace, the first time since the war.
and it is also a fact of life that there will always be youngish half-educated people around who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement.
at least they had n't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated, flat, dialect mispronunciation of Mussolini's home district- < Dogumenti, per favore >.
but Krim's complaint is important because not only in New York, but in other cities and in universities throughout this country, young and not so young men at this moment are being bedazzled by half-digested ideas.
but it did print good verse and good fiction.
but, who knew, that might be coming one of these days.
for the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read" Bartleby the Scrivener", one is more likely to write well if one has read it, and much else.
he alludes to something called" direct writing", and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his" truer, realer, imaginative bounce".
he had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of Calabria that he knew so well.
he had put it down in a war novel, < The Day of the Lion >.
he indicates that he has none of the disciplines that criticism requires, including education;
he knew all about it and had put it down in journal form in < The War in a Black Shirt >, a wonderful book not, for some strange reason, published in the U&S&.
he knew all about the appeal of a black shirt and jackboots to a poor, southern, peasant boy.
he knew all about the infection and the fever, and, too, the moment of realization when he saw for himself, threw up his hands and quit, ended the war as a prisoner in Texas.
he mentions the beats only once, when he refers to their having" revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience **h", but the entire narrative is written in the tiresome vocabulary of that lost and dying cause, and in the sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant our mother tongue.
he was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all, leave Rome and its intellectual cliques and money-fed life, go back to Calabria.
he was interested in Italo Svevo.
he was interested in Robert Musil 's < The Man without Qualities >.
he was n't being educated in those Village bull-sessions, as he claims.
he was thinking his way into a new novel, a big one, one that people had been waiting for.
ideas are the" thruway to nowhere".
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the politico-sociological area would still be historic.
if the editors sometimes dozed and printed pretentious, New York-mind dross, they also printed Malraux, Silone, Chiaromonte, Gide, Bellow, Robert Lowell, Francis Fergusson, Mary McCarthy, Delmore Schwartz, Mailer, Elizabeth Hardwick, Eleanor Clark, and a host of other good writers.
it is a fact of life that magazines are edited by groups: they have to be or they would n't be published at all.
it was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the Garibaldi statue, towering over Rome in spectacular benediction from the highpoint of the Gianicolo.
it was going to be hard going all the way because he had n't written seriously for a while, except for a few stories, was tired of the old method of < realismo > he had so successfully used in < The Sky Is Red >.
literary movements are the creation of pimps who live off writers.
little things.
no one was ever educated through bull-sessions in anything other than, to quote him again," perfumed bullshit".
now he was married to a beautiful girl, had a small son, and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies.
on his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels, including Bellow's < Seize the Day, > but he had n't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and was n't especially interested in what the American writers were up to.
on his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of < The Count of Monte Cristo >.
only a New York hick would expect to find the literary life in Greenwich Village at any point later than Walt Whitman's day.
politics, economics, sociology- the entire area of life that lies between literature and what Krim calls" experience"- urgently needed to be dug into.
so did his friend, the young novelist Rimanelli.
so there we were talking around and about it.
so were a lot of other people.
something was happening all right, slowly it is true, but you could feel it.
that these magazines also deluded the Krims of the world is unfortunate but inevitable.
the English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while.
the Italians felt it.
the most appalling aspect of Krim's piece is his reflection of the beat aesthetic.
the rest will turn beat, or into dentists, or into beat dentists.
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through ignorance.
the universities certainly were not doing it, nor were the popular magazines of the day.
the" highly intellectual **h minds" that Krim says he encountered in the Village did their work in spite of, not because of, any Village atmosphere.
there had been signs and portents like the regular toppling over and defacing of the bust of Lauro di Bosis near the Villa Lante and in the Gianicolo.
there were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements, resisting.
these people were not talking much about it, but you, a foreigner, sensed their apprehension and disappointment.
they laughed and, true to national form and manners, never talked long or solemnly on any subject at all, but some of them worried out loud about short memories and ghosts.
this < Partisan > above all did;
this one was going to be different.
those who have quality will outgrow the experience;
we saw Giuseppe Berto at a party once in a while, tall, lean, nervous and handsome, and, in our opinion, the best novelist of them all except Pavese, and Pavese is dead.
#TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL BUSINESS COMMUNITY# The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products.
**h Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine < Rottosei > where he worked.
I admire the English lady.
I also had and have feelings about Garibaldi.
I had some reasons, too.
I hate embarrassing silences and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one.
I keep thinking of a young woman I knew during the Occupation in Austria.
I said I would do it for her.
I thought: what the hell?
I understand very well about Lauro di Bosis and how his action is symbolic.
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups.
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses, which are designed to improve the management efficiency and" know-how" of small business concerns within a community.
SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly adaptable for exploitation by small firms.
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing.
_CONTACT_ For further information contact Director, Office of Business Economics, U&S& Department of Commerce, Washington 25, D&C&.
_PRINTED MATERIAL_ Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly < Survey of Current Business > and its weekly supplement.
_PRODUCT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT_ Production specialists in SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems.
_PRODUCTION ASSISTANCE_ Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems.
_PROPERTY SALES ASSISTANCE_ The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government.
_SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT_ Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications.
advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space.
and industrial uses for agricultural products.
and to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose, trying to prove to myself that I am not < afraid of sentiment >.
each SBA regional office also maintains a" want" list of surplus property, principally machinery and equipment, desired by small business concerns in its area.
guidance and advice are available on new product research and development;
it develops and analyzes the national income, balance of international payments, and many other business indicators.
it is an ugly business and there are few, if any, wreaths for them.
just no spot, not even a dimesize spot, on her whole body that was n't bruised, bruise on top of bruise, from beatings.
like every Southerner I can n't escape the romantic tradition of brave defeats, forlorn lost causes.
maybe twenty, thirty, fifty.
my spoon stirring coffee, banging against the side of the cup, sounded as loud as a bell.
new industrial uses for raw, semi-processed and waste, materials;
new product potential;
no airplanes, no Nathan Hale statements.
one-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management, also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration, aid community economic development programs.
processing methods;
product and market developments;
production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed.
proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases, and by" flyers" directed to the small business concerns.
she escaped, crawled through the usual mine fields, under barbed wire, was shot at, swam a river, and we finally picked her up in Linz.
she gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me.
she had been picked up by the Russians, questioned in connection with some pamphlets, sentenced to life imprisonment for espionage.
she showed us what had happened to her.
she was from Prague.
so much for all that.
such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy.
the English lady wanted to pay tribute to Garibaldi and to Lauro di Bosis, but she was n't going to be here to do it.
the English lady was pleased and enthusiastic.
the Office of Business Economics ( OBE ) of the U&S& Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook.
the idea of the march pleased her.
the trouble is that like many symbols it does n't seem a very realistic one.
there was a pretty thorough silence at that point.
these problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract.
these publications, written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses, indirectly aid in community development programs.
these short," streamlined" meetings usually are sponsored by local banks, Chambers of Commerce, trade associations, or other civic organizations.
they are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises, cover a wide range of subjects, and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm.
this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity.
this periodical, including weekly statistical supplements, is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of Documents, U&S& Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D&C&.
though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to Pickett's Charge- which, like all Southerners, I view in almost Miltonic terms, fallen angels, etc&- I associated the two.
through the SBA's Management Counseling Program, practical, personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community.
under this program, property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources, including timber from the national forests.
were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her, by proxy so to speak?
when suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative, the small business concern is contacted and advised on when, where, and how to bid on such property.
why not?
#MINERALS EXPLORATION# To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals, the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U&S& Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations.
#d.
**h designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation;
**h surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy, such as transport, agriculture, communication, industry, and power;
< first >, we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs.
< second >, we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program.
< third >, we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources.
ENCOURAGING SELF-HELP# _1.
THE RANGE OF SELF-HELP_ The major areas of self-help are the following: _(a ) THE EFFECTIVE MOBILIZING OF RESOURCES._ This includes not only development programing, but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment;
THE REASONS FOR STRESSING SELF-HELP_ A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help.
U&S& aid, therefore, should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take.
_(b ) THE REDUCTION OF DEPENDENCE ON EXTERNAL SOURCES._ This includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises, with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports.
_(c ) TAPPING THE ENERGIES OF THE ENTIRE POPULATION._ For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country.
_(d ) HONESTY IN GOVERNMENT._ In many societies, what we regard as corruption, favoritism, and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly.
_2.
_AID ADVICE IS NOT INTERFERENCE_ In establishing conditions of self-help, it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image.
_CONTACT_ For further information, contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region, or the Farm Credit Administration, Research and Information Division, Washington 25, D&C&.
_CONTACT_ Information, application forms, and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration, U&S& Department of the Interior, Washington 25, D&C&, or from the appropriate regional office listed below: in most of the less developed countries, however, such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent.
_ELIGIBILITY._ To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives, a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products, purchasing farm supplies, or furnishing farm business services, and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933, as amended.
_INTEREST RATES._ Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration.
_PRINTED MATERIAL_ Available, on request, from U&S& Department of Agriculture, Washington 25, D&C&, are: < cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist in Rural Development > ( Circular No& 44 ), and < The Cooperative Farm Credit System > ( Circular No& 36- A ).
_REPAYMENT_ Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property.
_REQUIREMENTS_ This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms.
_TO COOPERATIVES_ The Farm Credit Administration, an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture, supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture.
_TYPES OF LOANS._ Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives: commodity loans, operating capital loans, and facility loans.
_WE CAN HELP IN THE PLANNING PROCESS_ Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country;
_WE MUST USE COMMON SENSE IN APPLYING CONDITIONS_ The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot, of course, be mechanical.
a 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect;
and **h administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established.
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few.
as a source of investment capital, the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas.
at the other end of the spectrum, where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program, we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support, in cooperation with other developed countries, of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program.
each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored.
external aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help.
external aid can only be marginal, although the margin, as in the case of the Marshall plan, can be decisive.
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation;
if nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay.
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property, the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest.
in such a case, however, we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task, supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task, and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made.
in the more primitive areas, where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited, some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available.
it also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed.
it is vitally important that the new U&S& aid program should encourage all of them, since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves.
it must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions.
it must express the nation's own will and goal.
nevertheless, we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing.
on the other hand, it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist, such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them, or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them.
once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential, we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur.
only a very few of the more advanced ones, such as India and Pakistan, have developed systematic techniques of programing.
only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation.
open societies can take many forms, and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals.
others have so-called development plans, but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them.
otherwise, development will not lead to longrun stability.
the Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives.
the Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses.
the applicant pays the rest of the cost, but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost.
the credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes.
the royalty applies to both principal and interest, but it never exceeds 5 percent.
the system is composed of three credit services, Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations, Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks, and Banks for Cooperatives.
the third credit service, Banks for Cooperatives, exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933.
there are many others.
this includes assistance in- **h assembling the basic economic, financial, technological, and educational information on which programing depends;
this system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing, purchasing, and business service organizations.
thus, we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education, essential transport, communications, and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs.
to insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth.
#REMARKS OF HON& JOHN S& MONAGAN OF CONNECTICUT# _MR& MONAGAN._ SAM RAYBURN is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been signally honored in the privilege of knowing SAM RAYBURN and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States.
#REMARKS OF HON& MELVIN PRICE OF ILLINOIS# _MR& PRICE._ All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the Speakership of SAM RAYBURN.
#REMARKS OF HON& WAYNE L& HAYS OF OHIO# _MR& HAYS._ It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise, respect, and affection for Speaker SAM RAYBURN.
I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant.
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness.
I pay my personal tribute to SAM RAYBURN, stalwart Texan and great American, not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay, but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress.
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose.
I prefer to speak, however, of SAM RAYBURN, the person, rather than SAM RAYBURN, the American institution.
SAM RAYBURN has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions.
_ORIGIN OF STATE AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES._ The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years.
_VEHICLE PURCHASE, ASSIGNMENT AND USE POLICIES._ The legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles.
above all, he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman.
although SAM RAYBURN affects a gruff exterior in many instances, nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition.
and SAM RAYBURN is a great man- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation.
and the name RAYBURN is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century.
and, if we follow the RAYBURN pattern, as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it, then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country.
at least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917.
but the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to compress in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions SAM RAYBURN has made as an individual, as a legislator, as a statesman and as a leader and conciliator, to the majestic progress of this Nation.
but this we know: here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor, decency, and self-respect.
but to run the gauntlet of the programs SAM RAYBURN brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record.
cars were operated in 1959 for an average .027@ per mile.
for SAM RAYBURN never forgot Bonham, his home community, and he never forgot Texas.
for what SAM RAYBURN 'S life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district.
he had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913, the 63d Congress.
he has become in this half century the grand old man of American history.
he is most effective in the ordinary business of the House, and in the legislative accomplishments of this session, he easily rose to great occasion- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle- and as the Nation witnessed these contests, he rose, even as admitted by those who differed with him, to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan.
he is the recognized" father" of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission.
he was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel.
he will be considered not only great among his contemporaries, but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning.
he will ever be my example as a true statesman;
here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country.
in conclusion, he wished me well- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself, he asked to be remembered to my wife and children.
in my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle.
in the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community, our district, our State.
in this hour of crisis, the wisdom, the dedication, the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength.
in this role of father confessor, he has always been most characteristic and most helpful.
it happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs, the aspirations, the interests of my district and my State.
it is an answer in its way, individual and highly dramatic, to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics.
it is, I insist, hard to define the RAYBURN contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated, and because it goes so deep.
it seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that SAM RAYBURN 'S vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades.
may the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with SAM RAYBURN 'S continued service here for years to come.
more than that, SAM RAYBURN is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition.
my sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today.
no greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker, this great legislator, this great Texan, this great American.
no one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world, and I shall never forget his moving talks, delivered in simple yet eloquent words, upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government.
no one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has SAM RAYBURN.
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today, and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas.
of this I am proud.
on September 16, SAM RAYBURN will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date, and in expressing my esteem for that notable American, SAM RAYBURN.
one who is thoroughly human, who affects no dignity, and who is endowed with real ability, genuine worth, and sterling honesty- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long.
others may speak of Speaker RAYBURN 'S uniquely long and devoted service;
purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases.
speaker RAYBURN has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair.
the automobile maintenance unit, or motor pool, came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time.
the meaningful policies governing the purchase, assignment, use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers.
the motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems, records keeping, analyses of vehicle use, and effecting economies in vehicle operation.
the state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940.
the two are as one.
there is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs.
this may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson SAM RAYBURN 'S career, up to this hour, teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government.
this means much to the American tradition.
through the most rancorous battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and honesty, forthrightness and nobility.
unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes.
what SAM RAYBURN 'S life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community, one's own district, one's own State, and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time.
#THE RHODE ISLAND PROPERTY TAX# There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well.
#VEHICLE PURCHASE, ASSIGNMENT, AND USE POLICIES# Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase, assignment, use, and management of state vehicles.
( note: so far as State Police cars are concerned, only their replacement is under this division ).
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that" all rateable property, both tangible and intangible, shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year".
Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated.
_ASSESSMENT OF VALUE._ This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors, who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem.
_PROBLEMS OF TAXING PERSONAL PROPERTY._ Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property, and of movable tangible property in particular, two are significant: ( 1 ) situs, ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value.
_PURCHASING PRACTICES._ The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state.
_SITUS OF PROPERTY._ Although the laws of the various states, in general, specify the situs of property, i&e&, residence or domicile of the owner, or location of the property, the exceptions regarding boats, airplanes, mobile homes, etc&, seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment.
a recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes, on December 31, 1960, from the Newport Airpark in Middletown, to the North Central Airport in Smithfield.
a single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units".
although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute, this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property" and all other tangible property" situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated.
an adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State.
at the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well.
based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles, pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles.
bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff, and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders.
both boats and aircraft would fall within this category, as well as motor vehicles.
consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes, as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level.
for example, if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year, their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years, rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively".
for many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax.
from this, motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data.
good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more.
in 1959-60, vehicles averaged an operating cost of .027@ per mile.
in defining personal property, it specifically mentions" all ships or vessels, at home or abroad".
in that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool, cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier.
in view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes, in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft.
intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year.
it also provides for the taxation of all personal property, belonging to inhabitants of the state, both tangible and intangible, and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state.
it contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work.
it handles all types of vehicle maintenance, but concentrates more on" service station activities" than on extensive vehicle repairs.
moreover, it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet;
notwithstanding state aid, the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax.
obviously, it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December.
one matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities.
pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle, the miles traveled in one year or three years, the periods when vehicle costs become excessive, and when cars should be traded for sound economies.
present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded, antiquated and, in general, make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment.
requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made.
since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years.
table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random.
taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a" hands off" nature due possibly to several reasons: ( 1 ) local assessors, in the main, are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs, ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult, and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property.
the Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council in its publication once commented:" The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property.
the Smithfield tax assessor, in turn, claims the tax under the provision of law" **h and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town, in or upon any **h place of storage **h shall be taxed to such person **h in the town where said property is situated".
the assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later.
the legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles.
the location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration, and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged.
the more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state- the Director of Administration.
the motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation.
the objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management, assignment, and replacement of all vehicles.
the reasons are obvious: ( 1 ) the state is buying in quantity, and ( 2 ) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay.
these problems are not local to Rhode Island, but are recognized as common to all states.
they estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled, the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year.
this accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island.
this condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established, or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted.
this financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax, or at least at the rates then existing, insufficient for their requirements.
this is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles.
this is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored.
this situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax, and probably justifiably.
this tax was discontinued in 1936.
this tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive.
this would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31.
thus, there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and, in addition, must give assistance to its local governments.
unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public.
until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers.
where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses.
#PLANNING DIVISION# Stated in its simplest terms, the main job of the Planning Division is to plan for the future of the State of Rhode Island.
1184 copies of the R& I& Directory of Manufacturers were distributed: 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state.
164 from media and 75 from direct mail.
Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, and Edwin C& Kepler of General Electric Company.
_(1)_ First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state.
_(2)_ Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that" Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means, or should mean, state planning", the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems.
_(3)_ It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government.
_(4)_ The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government;
_(5)_ On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources, plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries, within the framework of the state plan.
_(6)_ The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan.
_(7)_ In preparing the state guide plan, particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation.
_ADVERTISING PROGRAM_ Our media advertising continued, during 1960, its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing, plant availabilities, and location advantages.
_BASIC MAPPING_ Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program, the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile, and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet, covering the entire state.
_INDUSTRIAL CONFERENCES_ During 1960, two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division.
_INDUSTRIAL PROMOTION_ An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term" Missionary calls" by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists.
_INVENTORY_ With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section 701 of the Housing Act of 1954 as amended, the planning division began a one year program July 1, 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program.
_LONG RANGE STATE PLANNING_ The planning division has embarked on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation.
_MAILINGS AND PUBLICATIONS_ Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference, letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors.
a comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals.
additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey, the new automated post office, and a conference with representatives of Brown University, Providence College, and University of Rhode Island, and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel.
among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, Brazil and India.
among the operating departments of the state;
and on a regional basis between the six New England states.
and the preparation of the state development budget.
approximately 100 representatives of business attended this conclave and the R& I& Export Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event.
as the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report, plus an analysis of our own enabling act, the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program.
between the cities and towns of the state;
devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island, it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division.
during the year 1960, this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce, and made 73 field visits.
functionally the planning division carries out four activities: long-range state planning, current state planning, local planning assistance;
in June, the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce- in conjunction with local trade associations, chambers of commerce, and bank officials- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
in addition to the regular schedule, advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times, Boston Herald, American Banker, Electronic News and, for local promotion, the Providence Sunday Journal.
in connection with this conference, a 64-page supplement was published in the October 2nd edition of the Providence Sunday Journal.
its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959.
magazine advertising included Management Methods, the New Englander, U& S& Investor, and Plant Location.
more than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients.
more than 25 carefully selected cities were visited, including New York, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Newark, Elizabeth, Stamford, Waterbury, New Haven, Bridgeport, Boston, Cambridge, Worcester, and Waltham.
morning sessions included addresses by Ward Miller, Jr& of the U& S& Dept& of Commerce.
new York led in the number of inquiries, followed by California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania.
newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and Midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month, and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and, for the west coast, the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ).
on October 8th of last year, the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School.
out of a total of 603 calls, 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel.
recent events- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin study of the Department of Public Works- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated.
since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information, great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible.
the 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries;
the Industrial Division published, in 1960, a new, attractive industrial brochure," Rhode Island- Right For Industry", and prepared copy for a new edition of the Directory of Manufacturers ( to be printed shortly ), and for a new space catalogue.
the activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council, which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning.
the basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1, 1961.
the direct mail campaign consisted of 3 intra state mailings of 1680 letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to electronics, plastics, pharmaceutical, and business machine manufacturers, and to publishers.
the long range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases: basic mapping, inventory, analysis and plan and policy formation.
the urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning.
the work program, as it was originally proposed, was to take five years to complete.
these consist of visits, without previous announcement, on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas.
these objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division.
these totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence.
this phase consists of four items: urban land use, rural land use, physical features and public utility service areas.
to reach a still greater audience of location-minded manufacturers, our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from $32,000 to $40,000, and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was upped from $17,000 to $20,000.
to this end, the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available, on a shared cost basis, technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff.
two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries.
two years ago, the Institute of Public Administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled" State-Local Relations in Metropolitan Rhode Island.
we also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here.
we received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages, and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits.
with these maps completed, the inventory phase of the plan has been started.
workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Maine, and rounded out a rewarding program.
#METHODS OF FINANCING ADJUSTMENTS# Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars, there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary.
#RHODE ISLAND HERITAGE WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE,JR& GOVERNOR# The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be" Independence and Union".
AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF APRIL 29TH TO MAY 7TH, 1961, AS RHODE ISLAND HERITAGE WEEK, advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants, craft shops, museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence, the one hundred and eighty-fifth.
NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM SATURDAY, MAY 20th, 1961, AS ARMED FORCES DAY, reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation, respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty.
_ADJUSTMENT OF FISCAL YEAR._ One town and one city, Coventry and East Providence, require an adjustment of their fiscal year only.
_ADJUSTMENT OF TAX COLLECTION YEAR._ Six cities and towns are now on a July 1-June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity.
_NO ADJUSTMENT NEEDED._ Six cities and towns are presently on a July 1-June 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it.
_SIMULTANEOUS ADJUSTMENTS._ Two cities to be considered, Providence and Cranston, are an enigma.
_VARYING ADJUSTMENTS._ The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30.
all of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years.
an analysis of the fiscal-tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought.
and August 15, November 15, February 17, and May 15, ( Cranston ).
armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment, a public presentation designed to give our own people, and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice, the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it.
as shown earlier in Table 1, the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars.
as the President has said," only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed".
as this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War, this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State, but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington, putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time.
assuming an adjustment to the July 1-June 30 fiscal year, the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3.
both have excellent integration of their fiscal-tax collection year calendars.
both would start their new fiscal year on July 1.
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars, the financial condition of the treasuries, and the length of the transition interval.
first, the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula.
for those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments, there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone, or in combination with others, would minimize if not even eliminate the problem.
fortunately, such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule.
freedom depends upon them;
governor #ARMED FORCES DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The year 1961 marks the fourteenth anniversary of the unification of our Armed Forces under the National Security Act of 1947.
governor #NATIONAL MARITIME DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The President of the United States, pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress, has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring may 22nd to be National Maritime Day.
however, it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved.
however, neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1-June 30 fiscal year.
in addition, no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition.
in many communities there is simply no financial problem;
in other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes.
in that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30, they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months, commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30.
it commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when, upon May 4, 1776, the General Assembly, by its action, established the first free republic in the New World.
it is a sound investment.
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods, careful fiscal planning and management, or some like combination of techniques.
it is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces, those who have made the supreme sacrifice, those who remain to preserve our security.
it should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets < do not necessarily > mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements.
national defense, like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all, is" everybody's business".
no change is required for these towns.
on April 30, ceremonies commemorating the departure of these volunteers will take place at 1:00 P&M& at the Dexter Training Grounds in Providence.
our investment in this effort, the greatest in our Nation's history, reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom.
plans vary from the" talking stage" to establishing special committees to accomplish this end.
second, the shift to a uniform July 1-June 30 fiscal year will, of itself, improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns.
suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds.
the Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene Homestead in Anthony;
the adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easy for them.
the adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal-tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island, based on a July 1-June 30 year, are shown below.
the financial problem, where it exists, usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period.
the latter matter is considered in detail in a later section.
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary.
their tax collection calendar could then be: July 25, October 26, January 26, and April 25, ( Providence );
there are at least two problems to consider: one is a matter of adjusting the fiscal calendar;
these cities and towns include Bristol, Glocester, Pawtucket, Cumberland, Central Falls, and Woonsocket.
these factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible;
these municipalities include: Barrington, Lincoln, Middletown, Newport, North Kingstown, and South Kingstown.
these three installment dates would be: October 26, January 26, and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15, February 16 and May 15 ( Cranston ).
this change will automatically adjust their tax collection year calendar so as to make all tax installments due and payable in the fiscal year collectible within that year.
this date in 1819 marked the sailing of the S& S&" Savannah" from Savannah, Georgia, for Liverpool.
this voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion.
twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal-tax year calendar.
under this plan both Cranston and Providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods.
what is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them.
( a)_ Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will, to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements, be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation.
( a)_ Subject to the limitations of this Act, the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores, or concentrates produced therefrom, as provided in this Act.
( a)_ The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act.
( a)_ The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to, and to require reports from the operator of, any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ), the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce, for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act.
( b ) to finance, for not more than two years beyond the end of said period, such grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act;
42 U& S& C& 1958 ( d ) ), is hereby amended to read: the authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct, operate, and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved.
< be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled >, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public, Indian, and other lands as provided in this Act.
< be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled >, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering- _(1)_ the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines );
EDUCATION:_ _A._ The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants.
RESEARCH:_ The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology.
_(2)_ the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics;
_(3)_ the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs embodying- _(A)_ right-of-entry only and _(B)_ right-of-entry plus enforcement authority;
_(4)_ the effectiveness of health and safety education and training;
_(5)_ the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines );
_(b)_ All research within the United States contracted for, sponsored, cosponsored, or authorized under authority of this Act, shall be provided for in such manner that all information, uses, products, processes, patents, and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations, if any, as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public.
_(b)_ As used in this section- _(1)_ the term" State" includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States;
_(b)_ Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York, New York, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary.
_(c)_ Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis, Illinois, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary.
_(d)_ The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000;
_3.
_4.
_MEDICAL ILLUSTRATION SERVICE_ _1._ The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection, publication, exhibition, and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces.
_SEC& 2.
_SEC& 2.
_SEC& 2._ Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2, 1958 ( 72 Stat& 1707;
_SEC& 3._ The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings, together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings, to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act.
_SEC& 5.
_SEC& 6._ The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year.
_SEC& 7._ The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act.
_SEC& 8._ There are authorized to be appropriated such sums, to remain available until expended, as may be necessary, but not more than $75,000,000 in all, ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967, inclusive;
_b._ During fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction.
all moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) _(B)_ Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water.
also, the Defense Atomic Support Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation.
among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged, are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves;
and ( c ) to finance, for not more than three years beyond the end of said period, such activities as are required to correlate, coordinate, and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act: < provided >, That funds available in any one year for research and development may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States, be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States: < and provided further >, That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States.
and _(2)_ the term" commerce" means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof, or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof.
and _(6)_ the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws.
and hip dysplasia in dogs.
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000.
and the study of structural changes in M& leprae and other mycobacteria.
approved September 22, 1961.
approved September 26, 1961.
carcinoma of prostate;
during fiscal year 1959, six courses were conducted: Forensic Pathology, Application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Opthalmic Pathology, Pathology of the Oral Regions, and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar.
during fiscal year 1960, seven courses were conducted: application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Forensic Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Pathology of the Oral Regions, Opthalmic Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and Orthopedic Pathology.
during the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, additional research affiliations were effected with the U& S& Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy, and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue.
evaluation of histochemical techniques;
from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, six courses were conducted: workshop in Resident Training in Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Application of Histochemistry of Pathology, Orthopedic Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and Forensic Pathology.
in the same period, 431 presentations by members of the staff were made to local, national, and international medical groups.
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals;
metabolic responses to reduced oxygen tension;
morphological study and classification of leukemia and lymphoma cases in animals;
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation;
other scientific agencies, both Federal and civilian, supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry;
payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by assay.
study of motor end plates in man and animals;
the fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, the Department of State, and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act.
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000;
there has been an increase in cooperative research with other Federal agencies and civilian institutions.
this subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder.
upon such sale, there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale.
upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant, but not to exceed such twelve-year period, the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder, or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress.
_ACOUSTICAL INTERFEROMETER._ An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used, with helium gas as the thermometric fluid, to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 **f.
_LABORATORY MEASUREMENTS OF INTERSTELLAR RADIO SPECTRA._ Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength, the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms, ions, and small molecules.
_LOW TEMPERATURE THERMOMETRY._ The Bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 **f.
_PRESSURE TRANSDUCER FOR PVT MEASUREMENTS._ Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer.
_RESISTANCE THERMOMETERS._ Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region.
_VAPOR PRESSURE METHOD._ The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a" constant temperature" liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 **f.
a high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion.
a hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium.
a prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested.
a small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in& apart ( for **f ).
among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH;
and for the third resistor, @ 3.3 millidegrees.
another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile.
during the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line, thus allowing light to pass into the camera.
experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60-80 microseconds.
extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported.
high sensitivity in radio telescopes is achieved by reducing the bandwidth of the receiver;
however, the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface.
in May 1960, the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the" Medical Museum", and in June, the Institute started contributing a regular monthly" Case for Diagnosis".
in interstellar gas, concentrations as low as **f molecules may be sufficient, as compared to the **f hydrogen atoms **f required for detection of the 21- cm line.
in one of these, an exploding-wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6,000 **f and 100 atmospheres pressure, a major goal was achieved.
in this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow.
it has also been observed, in helium 2,, that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer.
over a temperature range from 25 to 200 **f and at pressures up to 250 atm, an overload of 300 psi, applied for a period of one day, results in an uncertainty in the pressure of, at most, one millimeter of mercury.
preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 **f at every 0.1 **f.
preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals.
results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas;
several germanium resistors have been thermally cycled from 300 to 4.2 **f and their resistances have been found to be reproducible within 1 millidegree when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid helium.
similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product, beryllium fluoride.
since conventional methods are insensitive at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions, the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead.
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH, SiH, and ScH.
spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit.
success in observing these spectral lines has so far, apparently, been confined to the laboratory;
such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement, and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer.
surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15-and 25-liter metallic storage dewars.
the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions, so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces.
the Institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles, beginning in the fall of 1960, on its more significant Scientific Exhibits.
the accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent.
the detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and, perhaps, planetary atmospheres.
the development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion.
the efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories: absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas, secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors, and helium-4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p& 144 ).
the element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire, and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy.
the estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were @ 1 millidegree;
the fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately **f ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera.
the first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical.
the first report in this continuing series appeared in the September 1960 issue of the Journal.
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 **f, with an uncertainty of 0.10 **f.
the gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 **f but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the |l point.
the method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter.
the opening action is obtained when a capacitor, charged to high voltage, is suddenly discharged through the foil.
the shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil.
the shutter consists of two parts: a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part.
the transducer is a null-type instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm, 0.001 in& thick and 1 in& in diameter.
therefore, only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible.
this agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals.
this has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer.
this involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor, which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range, where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity.
this is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element.
this result is preliminary, and work is continuing.
this work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method, and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago.
to secure precise measurements of these frequencies, a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started.
using Edgerton's method, the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires.
very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable;
when values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium-4 vapor pressures, differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found.
" The logic of creating a strong, balanced, competitive two-system railroad service in the East is so obvious that B& + O& was publicly committed to the approach outlined here.
" There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C& + O&-B& + O& merger scheme"- The Central has pointed out.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement.
I am also pleased to note that Mr& John B& Oakes, a member of the Times staff since 1946, has been appointed as editorial page editor.
I am pleased to note that Mr& Sulzberger will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times.
I should like at this time, Mr& Speaker, to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism.
Russian tanks and planes in Cuba jeopardize the security of the United States, violate the Monroe Doctrine, and threaten the security of every other Latin American republic.
_(2)_ a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( a ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid, in United States dollars, by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this Title.
_(2)_ to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title;
_(3)_ to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000;
_(4)_ after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection, to make payments, from time to time in ratable proportions, on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000, according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made;
_(b)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into- _(1)_ the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of $17,000,000 being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948;
_(c)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section, and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 ( b ) of this Title- _(1)_ to make payments in full of the principal of awards of $1,000 or less, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title;
_(d)_ The Secretary of the Treasury, upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized and directed, out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section, after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section, to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 ( c ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948.
_MR& DOOLEY._ Mr& Speaker, for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have.
_MR& LINDSAY._ Mr& Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper, the New York Times, on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command.
_MR& STRATTON._ Mr& Speaker, in my latest newsletter to my constituents I urged the imposition of a naval blockade of Cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued Soviet armaments from coming into the Western Hemisphere in violation of the Monroe Doctrine.
_SEC& 9._ There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title.
a blow to this phase of the Central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself, but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient, reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city.
and _(5)_ after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards, to make pro rata payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest.
and the solutions to the problems of the commuter lines have been equally varied, ranging all the way from Government ownership to complete discontinuance of this important service.
at this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads, a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake + Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore + Ohio railroads.
but it took the pictures of the Migs and the T-34 tanks to do the job.
but none of these has been implemented.
but the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against Castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board.
detailed studies of the plan were well underway.
for the past 40 years Congress has advocated a carefully planned, balanced and competitive railway system.
for years the United States had been trying to get these countries to exclude Castro's representative from secret military talks.
here the New York Central Railroad, one of the Nation 's most important carriers, has alone lost 47.6 percent of its passengers since 1949.
however, there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss.
if these services are to be maintained, the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible".
in fact, one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment.
in the light of the facts at hand, however, New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest".
instead we have stood idly by, watched our commuter railroad service decline, and have failed to offer a helping hand.
mr& Dryfoos' outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained.
mr& Oakes succeeds Charles Merz, editor since 1938, who now becomes editor emeritus.
mr& Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr& Orvil E& Dryfoos, who is president of the New York Times Co&, and who has been with the Times since 1942.
my heartiest congratulations go to their successors, Orvil E& Dryfoos and John B& Oakes, who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times.
not only is this kind of duplication wasteful, but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area.
nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the New York City area.
obviously, the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge.
once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear, President Kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this, even if we had to go it alone.
somehow, the pictures and stories of Soviet T-34 tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian Mig jet fighters strafing rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark, blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home.
such certification shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department, agency, or establishment of the United States.
that is, will it serve the long-range public interest?
the Interstate Commerce Commission will commence its deliberations on the proposed C& + O&-B& + O& merger on June 18.
the New York Central has pointed out that this control, if approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission, would give the combined C& + O&-B& + O& Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central.
the New York Central notes:" The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C& + O&-B& + O& provides the backbone of Central's revenues.
the New York Central today handles 60 percent of all southbound commuter traffic coming into New York City.
the Secretary of State shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of adjudication, not borne by the claimants, attributable to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948.
the causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex- high taxes, losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers, to name but two.
the people of the 17th District of New York, and I as their Representative in Congress, take great pride in the New York Times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world.
then, abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned, B& + O& entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C& + O& which resulted in the present situation.
there have been a number of sound plans proposed.
there is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week.
these revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire New York Central system as well as the New York area commuter and terminal freight services.
this is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively.
though far from completion, these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned, their investors, their customers, their users, and to the public at large.
though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2,, total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million from 1947 to 1957.
under leave to extend my remarks, I include the relevant portion of my newsletter, together with the text of the article from the U&S& News + World Report:" _YOUR CONGRESSMAN, SAMUEL S& STRATTON, REPORTS FROM WASHINGTON, MAY 1, 1961_ Cuban S&S&R&: whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week, there was at least one positive benefit, and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base.
we must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter- the two-way B& + O&-C& + O& merger, or the three-way New York Central-B& + O&-C& + O& merger.
which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders, but the interests of all the traveling public?
yesterday, I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U&S& News + World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail, including both its advantages and its disadvantages.
you can see it, for example, in the extensive efforts President Kennedy has made to enlist solid bipartisan support for his actions toward both Cuba and Laos;
#MATCHING REQUIREMENTS# _EXPLANATION OF MATCHING FORMULA._ As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services, the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula.
( Alaska and Hawaii had fixed Federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962.
( Alaska and Hawaii had fixed allotment percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962.
( divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above.
( divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above.
( each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year, which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000, must be reduced by the amount of the excess.
( for details see inset, fig& 5.
( for each State, make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above, and then add the results obtained for each State in item 8.
( multiply result obtained in item 7 above, by result obtained in item 6 above.
( multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above.
( multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above.
( multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each State in item 1 above.
( see < Source of Data >, below for per capita income data to be used in this step.
( see < Source of Data >, below for population data to be used in this step.
( see < Source of Data >, below, for per capita income data to be used in this step.
( the same amount used in item 1 under < Method of Computing allotments >, above.
( the same amount used in item 2 under < Method of Computing Allotments >, above.
) _10._ Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States.
) _11._ Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year.
) _12._ Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment, and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment.
) _13._ Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment, and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment.
) _2._ Determine the average per capita income for the U& S& based on the last three years.
) _2._ Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years.
) _3._ Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States.
) _3._ Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U& S& ( Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above.
) _4._ Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U& S&.
) _4._ Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and hawaii ), that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States.
) _5._ Determine the particular State's" Federal Share".
) _5._ Determine the particular State's" allotment percentage".
) _8._ Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage.
) _9._ Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above, for all the States.
) in all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above;
) in all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above;
) the first one or two roof boards ( marked" E" in fig& 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams, from outside the shelter.
< except > that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50% nor more than 70%.
< except > that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1 nor more than 75%.
_14._ The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used: first, to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above );
_6._ Square each State's allotment percentage.
_7._ Determine each State's population.
_ADDITIONAL NOTE ON ALLOTMENTS._ For the States which maintain two separate agencies- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind, and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954.
_METHOD OF COMPUTING FEDERAL SHARES._ The method used for computing the respective Federal and State shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the Act.
and second, to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums, with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum.
at the entrance side of the shelter, each roof beam is rested on the inside 4 inches of the block wall.
beginning in 1960, the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward, as required ) 25% a year, so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot State share, with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and 30%, respectively.
by law this is 70% for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.
by law this is 75% for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.
for purposes of this explanation, this percentage is referred to as the States" unadjusted Federal share".
funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine.
if the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes, the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme.
if the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes, the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme.
mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding.
prior to 1960, in order to provide matching for the minimum ( base ) allotment, State funds had to equal 1954 State funds.
prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State, with a pivot of 40% State ( or 60% Federal ) participation in total program costs.
regardless of its unadjusted allotment, each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $23,000,000.
the following steps are employed in calculations: _1._ For each State ( except Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii ) determine average per capita income based on the last three years.
the following steps are employed in the calculations: _1._ For each State ( except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii ), determine the average per capita income for the last three years.
the outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge.
the percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's" Federal share".
the pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment, as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960-1962 period, is designated by the statute as that State 's" adjusted Federal Share".
the provisions for determining a State's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States.
the purpose of the adjusted Federal share relating to the base allotment and of the transition provisions for reaching the unadjusted Federal share is to prevent dislocations from abrupt changes in matching rates.
the term" State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico;
the term" United States" includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and Hawaii.
the wooden bracing between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall.
#,.
#,.
< forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion.
IF AN ATTACK FINDS YOU WITHOUT A PREPARED SHELTER# @ Few areas, if any, are as good as prepared shelters but they are worth knowing about.
LIVING IN A SHELTER# @ The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first.
a 10-gallon garbage can, with a tightly fitting cover, could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter.
a battery-powered radio is essential.
a belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level.
a checklist in the Appendix, ( page 30 ) tells what is needed.
a covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet.
a family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation.
a flame would use up air.
a flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed.
a portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates.
a record should be kept of the information and instructions, including the time and date of broadcast.
after the family has settled in the shelter, the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge.
as soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made.
basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page 29.
blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule.
body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature.
bunks, or materials to build them, may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed.
but the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous >.
continuous low-level lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a 4-cell hot-shot battery to which is wired a 150-milliampere flashlight-type bulb.
even if the electric power fails after an attack, any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable.
families with children will have particular problems.
family rationing probably will be necessary.
food, medical supplies, utensils, and equipment, if not already stored in the shelter, must be quickly gathered up and carried into it.
how long you may stay outside.
how soon you may go outdoors.
however, as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum.
in these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide.
it probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna, particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts.
it will tell you as soon as possible: how long to stay in your shelter.
it would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning.
on the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside.
one instrument thus would serve both purposes.
open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided.
other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens.
part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake.
provision for emergency toilet facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem.
radiation instruments suitable for home use are available, and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation.
records such as diaries can be kept.
sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning.
some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need.
tests have shown that such a device, with a fresh battery, will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days.
the basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection.
the best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house.
the housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied.
the safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground.
the survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio.
there is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available.
there should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas.
there should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated.
there will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement.
therefore, civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed.
they should provide for simple recreation.
to break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy.
warm clothing and bedding, of course, are essential.
water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully.
with a spare battery, a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured.
you should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer.
your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources.
{ LIGHTING } is an important consideration.
{ OTHER CONSIDERATIONS}.- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter, they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page 29.
269 F& 2d 613.
361 U& S& 899.
< Daniel M& Friedman > argued the cause for the United States.
< Haydn C& Covington > argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner.
< held >: on the record in this case, the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with;
Christiana and Delaware would, in turn, be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders.
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders.
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director, officer, or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors, and no director, officer, or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval.
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14, 1958.
I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed.
I dissent.
MR& JUSTICE CLARK delivered the opinion of the Court.
_(a)_ Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings, because the statement in question was in his file, to which he had access, and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board.
_(b)_ Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report, especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board.
_(c)_ Petitioner was not entitled, either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial, to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, since he was furnished a resume of it, did not challenge its accuracy, and showed no particular need for the original report.
and his conviction is sustained.
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity.
both plans also prohibited common directors, officers, or employees between du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, on the one hand, and General Motors on the other.
but in any event, I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress, not to this Court.
by making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship, the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in < Wyatt > v& < United States >, 362 U&S& 525, where the Court held that, under the circumstances of that case, a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection.
general Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be" in the public interest" as required by the mandate of this Court.
he again stated that he was" a regular minister";
he claimed 4,- D classification as a minister of religion, devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching.
he claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment, because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice, he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board, and ( 2 ) at the trial, he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim.
he says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board, and, further, that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment.
he was again reclassified 1,- A by the local board.
he was not prosecuted, however, and his case was subsequently reopened, in the light of < Sicurella > v& < United States >, 348 U&S& 385 ( 1955 ).
his answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses, employed at night by a sugar producer.
in a periodic review, the local board on July 30, 1953, reclassified him 1,- A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner, because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home.
in the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders, the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du Pont's tax basis for them, which is approximately $2.09 per share.
it argued, < inter alia, > that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont, with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors, among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions;
it is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude" unnourished by sense" to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk, or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship.
on June 6, 1958, General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's proposal.
on November 13, 1952, he was classified in Class 1,- A. on November 22, 1952, he wrote the Board, protesting this classification.
on the brief were < Solicitor General Rankin, Assistant Attorney General Wilkey, Beatrice Rosenberg > and < J& F& Bishop >.
one need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance, and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself.
one of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage.
petitioner registered with Local Board No& 9, Boulder, Colorado, on March 17, 1952.
petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment.
petitioner was not denied due process;
petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, contends that he was denied due process, both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial.
petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, was convicted of violating @ 12 ( a ) of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces.
pp& 60-66.
pp& 62-63.
pp& 63-64.
pp& 64-66.
that he was" devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly", in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties, and that he opposed war in any form.
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital;
that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks, with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies;
the Court of Appeals affirmed.
the Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship, and that hence the doctrine" enthrone[s ] an unreality into a rule of law".
the annual dividends paid to du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of du Pont's earnings and profits.
the decrees proposed by the < amici curiae > were filed in August of 1958.
the forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana, Delaware, and the stockholders of Delaware, and deposited with the trustee, would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate.
the measure, for federal income tax purposes, of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution.
the trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents.
thereafter he was classified 1,- O. on April 1, 1953, after some six months of full-time" pioneering", petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching, but failed to so notify his local board.
these plans, like du Pont 's contained provisions for passing the vote on du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, except that officers and directors of the three companies, their spouses, and other people living in their households, as well as other specified persons, were to be totally disenfranchised.
this is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services, in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act, 62 Stat& 604, 622, 50 U&S&C& App& @ 462 ( a ).
under its plan du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares.
upon administrative approval of the reclassification, he was ordered to report for induction on June 11, 1956, but failed to do so.
we granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act.
we have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of < gonzales > v& < United States >, 348 U&S& 407 ( 1955 ), and < United States > v& < Nugent >, 346 U&S& 1 ( 1953 ), and therefore affirm the judgment.
while it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view, the concept of the" oneness" of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage.
#RESPECT FOR THE OPINIONS OF MANKIND# What type of action can hope to win public support, first in this country and then abroad?
#THE PROBLEMS OF A POLICY OFFICER# It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years, in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means, and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government.
I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas- an affliction of all bureaucracies.
I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas.
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action.
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces.
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them.
action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control.
and, given probable public attitudes- about which reasonably good estimates can be made- what action is called for to insure necessary support?
are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted?
but he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy, well-established precedents, the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties, basic statutes, and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves, in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department.
can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority, or will new legislation and new money be required?
chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind, he reaches a tentative identification of the question- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because, if no tolerable answer can be found, it may have to be changed into one which can be answered.
dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world.
every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer.
for he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself, and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer.
for the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it.
for, if so, the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem.
further, I would hope that we could pay attention to little things.
he is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action, including doing nothing.
he is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play, taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions.
he is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem.
he is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country.
he is expected to supervise, to encourage, to direct, to assist in any way he can.
he is interested in public opinion for two reasons: first, because it is important in itself, and, second, because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind.
he knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog.
he knows that he must give the expert his place, but he knows that he must also keep him in it.
he must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole- when the whole is too large to grasp.
he must think about which of these principles must take precedence.
he must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer.
he will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance.
he will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted.
his first thought is about the question itself: is there a question here for American foreign policy, and, if so, what is it?
how and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted?
if action is indicated, what kind of action is relevant to the problem?
if any official operation abroad begins to go wrong, we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action.
if the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington, it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas.
if there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly, that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs.
is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body?
may I add a caution on this particular point?
means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy.
meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem, facts which he knows can never be complete, and the general background, much of which has already been lost to history.
should the action be unilateral or multilateral?
sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them.
the attitudes of a U&N& delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City, or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital, can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for.
the movement of events is so fast, the pace so severe, that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present.
the policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility.
the responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function, regardless of rank.
the selection of the wrong tools can mean waste, at best, and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself.
the senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli: an idea in his own head, the suggestions of a colleague, a question from the Secretary or the President, a proposal by another department, a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad, the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies, a news item read at the breakfast table, a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference, a speech by a Senator or Congressman, an article in a periodical, a resolution from a national organization, a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad, et cetera, ad infinitum.
there will of course be times for delay and inaction.
this does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active, operational, interested, responsible fashion.
this means practically everybody in this room.
to cite only a few examples: the wrong man in the wrong position, perhaps even in a junior position abroad, can be a source of great harm to our policy;
unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead, we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present.
we do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action.
we want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome, that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top.
we want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department.
what I am suggesting is that when we delay, or when we fail to act, we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties.
what is the probable attitude of other governments, including those less directly involved?
whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine.
which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice?
while observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world, I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort.
who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government?
" the problems **h are towering and unprecedented- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well".
#12.
#PROTECTION# The total adverse impact of disease, insects, fire, weather, destructive animals, and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized.
#TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES:# I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps- < a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U&S& Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower >.
( b ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage;
( c ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic.
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses.
I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis.
IS IT WORTH THE COST AND THE RISKS?# No matter how well conceived and efficiently run, there probably will be failures.
_2._ Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production.
_2._ Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located, as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs, including ( a ) big-game, gamebird, and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands, ( b ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments, and ( c ) participation in planning, inspection, and control phases of all habitat improvement, land- and water-use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States, other Federal agencies, and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values.
_3._ Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas.
_3._ Initiating a program to control dwarfmistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites.
_4._ Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses.
_4._ Develop wildlife openings, food patches, and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres.
_5._ Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks, planting streamside cover, and constructing channel improvements.
_PROTECTION FROM FIRE_ It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands, all critical watersheds, and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads.
_PROTECTION FROM INSECTS AND DISEASE_ In the 10-year period, it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period.
_WILDLIFE HABITAT RESOURCES_ In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing.
about 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease, 20 percent to insects, 17 percent to fire, and 18 percent to weather, animals, and various other causes.
an Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding.
an additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation.
and this is meeting the world's need, too, since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world.
as you said in your State of the Union message.
but as the popular response suggests, the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great.
if it were not for the effect of destructive agencies, sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952.
in addition to direct protection measures, more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease.
in addition, by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall.
it can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world.
it can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions.
it can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country.
its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program.
meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for: _1._ Expansion, modernization, and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards.
one of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics, and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages, the mountains, the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations.
our own freedom, and the future of freedom around the world, depend, in a very real sense, on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity, liberated from the bonds of hunger, ignorance and poverty.
steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps, so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U&S& surplus food under P&L& 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel.
the Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting.
the extent to which participating bodies such as U& S& voluntary agencies, universities, international organizations, and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored.
the initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated.
the letters home, the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps, the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world.
the long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services.
the long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment.
the loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet.
the objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed.
the temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization.
the vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society- to help teach in the schools, construct development projects, demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages, and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge.
the wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are: _1._ Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units, assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources.
the work will consist of: _1._ Intensification of present activities through ( a ) quicker, more extensive, and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks;
there is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them.
these could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad.
these destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows, and upon the other renewable forest resources.
they kill and destroy, retard or prevent reproduction and growth, impair and damage values, and disrupt uses.
they will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments, acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice.
this can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods, and a more intensive application of a program of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations.
this is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort, detection, skilled fire-fighting crews, and equipment use.
this organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work.
this temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State.
this use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972.
this will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection.
this will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection.
throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires.
to meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers, sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations.
with colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program, and with students looking toward Peace Corps service, there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student seriousness.
with thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas, millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before.
#MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS.#- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs, including pay for active, reserve, and retired military personnel.
#OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE.#- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961, which is $184 million more than in 1960.
#PROCUREMENT, RESEARCH, AND CONSTRUCTION.#- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement, research, development, and construction programs.
#STRATEGIC FORCES.#- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war.
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates.
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider.
a substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program, as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential.
accordingly, if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session, I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise.
also, the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures.
another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108, a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound, which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's.
as I have repeatedly stated, this provision is much more restrictive than the general law, popularly known as the Buy American Act.
as I have stated previously, the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles.
as a result, the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed.
basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army, Air Force, and Federal Aviation Agency.
by 1965, several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established.
by that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system.
considering the high cost of the F-108 system- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned- and the time period in which it would become operational, it was decided to stop further work on the project.
continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel, coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means, have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program.
expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960.
for example, the importance of the Regulus 2,, a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines, was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines.
further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year.
furthermore, unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system, in itself, often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems.
however, I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued.
in 1961, these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion, compared to $19.3 billion in 1960.
in the budget message for 1959, and again for 1960, I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28, 1951 ( 65 Stat& 365 ).
in total, these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures, such as reduced numbers of units and installations, smaller inventories of major equipment, and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces.
it is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing.
legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska, and its early enactment is desirable.
meanwhile, other air defense forces are being made effective, as described later in this message.
new obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million, which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960.
notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles, which have been successfully developed, produced, and deployed, but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile.
on the other hand, the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960.
one of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70, a long-range supersonic bomber.
other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour, up 11% in two years, and of each steaming hour, up 15%.
retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960, partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel.
some weapons systems have become obsolescent while still in production, and some while still under development.
the 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1, 1958.
the Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items.
the Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963.
the Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability.
the cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development, in determining the most satisfactory rate of development, and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it.
the decreases, which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement, are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks, vehicles, guns, and electronic devices.
the first Atlas ICBM's are now operational, the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year, and the first Titan ICBM's next year.
the first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers, carrier-based aircraft, and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles.
the growing communications needs of this new State can best be met, as they have in other States, through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise.
the impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program.
the increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment.
the last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history.
the second capability is represented by our deployed ground, naval, and air forces in essential forward areas, together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement.
the size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans.
the substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles.
the task of providing a reasonable level of military strength, without endangering other vital aspects of our security, is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress.
these contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead.
these examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far-ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology.
these expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion, an increase of $187 million over 1960, reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel, more dependents, an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay, and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ).
these increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces, largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961.
these strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives.
this aircraft, which was planned for initial operational use about 1965, would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems, all of which are scheduled to become available earlier.
this has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events.
this project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft, particularly our heavy bombers.
this section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
thus, in the last few years, a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated.
thus, the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful.
traditionally, rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel.
#ALLOCATION POLICIES# _6._ As mentioned, the allocation of AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations.
#THE HISTORY OF THE PROCEEDING# _10._ The decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof.
_(2)_ To provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible;
_(3)_ To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible.
_5._ It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions, and vice versa, is not an instantaneous process, but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset, and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise.
_7._ With respect to other frequencies, these are designated as regional or local, and assigned for use by class 3, and class 4, stations, respectively, stations operating generally with lower power.
_8._ As mentioned, the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service, free from destructive interference.
_9._ Essentially, the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision [ in 1938-1939 ] to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset, is sound as a basis for AM allocations, or whether, in the light of later developments and new understanding, skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account, and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours.
_DECLARATION OF ESTIMATED TAX._ If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961, it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15, 1962, if you file your income tax return Form 1040, and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31, 1962.
_NONRESIDENT ALIENS IN PUERTO RICO._ If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico, your return is also due June 15, 1962, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year.
_SATURDAY, SUNDAY, OR HOLIDAY._ If the last day ( due date ) for performing { any } act for tax purposes, such as filing a return or making a tax payment, etc&, falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday, you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday.
_WHEN AND WHERE TO FILE_ April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31.
accordingly, the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations.
accordingly, the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies, and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations.
additional class 2, assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1, stations or to each other, and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities.
because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions, it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band, with many more stations operating during the day than at night.
but during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere, thereby creating the possibility of one station 's rendering service, via skywave, at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal, and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies.
but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any substantial quantity, and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are, in general, negligible.
but nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service, interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it.
class 1,- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv& 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference.
class 2, stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2, stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1, station where located west of the class 2, station ( for limited-time class 2, stations ).
during nighttime hours, because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing, no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels, if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it.
during the period of about 4 hours around sunset, skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail;
during the same period around sunrise, skywave transmission is declining, until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance.
farmers, for these purposes, have until February 15, 1962, to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961.
fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ).
for this reason, the more uncertain skywave service was denominated" secondary" in our rules, as compared to the steadier, more reliable groundwave" primary service", and, for both skywave service and skywave interference, signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded- 50 percent of the time for skywave service, 10 percent of the time for skywave interference.
however, if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages, their returns are due June 15, 1962, if they use a calendar year, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year.
however, in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations, representing an averaging of conditions, and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions.
if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table, and later find you should have itemized your deductions, you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund.
if you use a fiscal year, a year ending on the last day of any month other than December, your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year.
in 1947, affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours, from class 2, stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference.
in dealing with these frequencies, the objective listed first above- provision of service to all listeners- was predominant;
in the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies, the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives- assignment of multiple facilities, and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible.
in the daytime, on the other hand, since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient, it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels.
it was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset, respectively, should be used for this purpose.
it was recognized that skywave signals, because of their reflected nature, are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength.
on the remainder of the clear channels, the dominant ( class 1,- B ) stations are protected as described above, and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2, ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and with reduced power so as to protect the class 1, stations.
our objectives, as we have stated many times, are- _(1)_ To provide some service to all listeners;
see < You May Claim a Refund >, Page 135.
see Chapter 38.
similarly, on the regional channels many class 3, stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and lower power.
since April 15, 1962, is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday, April 16, 1962.
since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number, these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized, and to the extent that each is realized, there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others.
since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference, only class 1, stations are capable of rendering skywave service.
since then, there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it, leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena.
some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant < Class 1,- A > or < Class 1,- B clear-channel > stations, designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave- over large areas and at great distances, being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective.
such additional daytime class 2, assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies, and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them.
suppose John Jones, who, for 1960, filed on the basis of a calendar year, died June 20, 1961.
the class 1, stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv& groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference.
the filing of an original or amended declaration, otherwise due on January 15, 1962, is also waived, if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31, 1962.
the other objectives were subordinated to it.
the rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation.
the same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax Table.
the same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3, stations operating on regional channels, which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other.
the words { amended return } should be plainly written across the top of such return.
their United States tax returns are due April 16, 1962.
therefore, under our longstanding allocation rules, on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1,- A ) station is permitted to operate at night, so that the 1,- A station can render service, interference free, wherever it can be received.
these curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data.
with respect to nighttime assignments, the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves ( figs& 1 and 2 of sec& 3.190 of the rules ) giving average skywave values.
with respect to skywave service rendered at night, class 1,- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1,- A operation, and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received;
{ IF A TAXPAYER DIES, } the executor, administrator, or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year.
{ IF YOU MAIL A RETURN } or tax payment, you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date.
{ nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico } who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages, the same as if they were citizens of the United States.
#@# IT IS a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management.
#@# WE ARE not given to lamentations, neither personally nor in these Reports.
( see Chapters 30 through 37.
) #2.
< forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit >, as the Roman poet, Virgil, declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today.
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount, close to his ultimate sacrifice;
Isaac Newton, at the age of twenty-three, industriously calculating logarithms" to two and fifty places" during the great plague year in England, 1665;
Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution;
MINORS MINORS MUST ALSO FILE RETURNS IF THEY EARN $600 OR MORE DURING THE YEAR.# A MINOR IS subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may, under local law, have the right to them and might actually have received the money.
Shakespeare speaking with" the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice"- Keats's words- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats;
Winston Churchill's Olympian, optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago;
_EXAMPLE._ Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961.
_EXEMPTION ALSO ALLOWED PARENT._ If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent, even though he earns $600 or more.
_HE MAY GET A TAX REFUND._ A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages.
also appointed to the Foundation's staff, as Assistant Secretary, is Mr& J& Kellum Smith, Jr&.
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth.
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions.
and lawyers- with the great virtues that they are trained to read" the fine print" carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields- are indispensable even in a foundation office.
and lest we should become too consistent, in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts, the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle- not a flow!- of new members through the Advisory Board.
and quality of advice, added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals, we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day.
and they are dashed, no less, by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit.
and, besides, there are a large number of scholars, artists, composers of music, novelists, poets, essayists, choreographers, lawyers, servants of government, and men of affairs- hundreds, indeed- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience.
but even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are, quite simply, made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices.
but the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice, both reliable and imaginative, on which to base our selections of Fellows.
dr& Gordon N& Ray, Provost, Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois, was appointed Associate Secretary General.
dr& Ray is a Fellow of the Foundation- appointed thrice to assist his studies of William Makepeace Thackeray and of H& G& Wells- and, before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff, had been given our highest scholarly accolade, appointment to the Advisory Board.
during the biennium reviewed in this Report, our Board of Trustees named able men, younger than the rest of us, to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs: dr& James Brown Fisk, physicist, President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, was elected to the Board of Trustees.
for example, the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were, formally, members of that Board.
for in accordance with Mr& Lowell's concept of an advisory board, our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices.
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued;
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good: such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected, by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time.
for this concept of an Advisory Board, ancillary to the Board of Trustees, we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University, A& Lawrence Lowell, a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration.
for, granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved, these problems make great demands;
generally, the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040 A accompanied by the withholding statement ( Form W-2 ).
he is a historian, with the great merit of a historian's long view.
he is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society;
his income is not required to be included in the return of his parent.
if he had income other than wages subject to withholding, he may be required to file Form 1040.
mr& Smith, like the present Secretary General, is a lawyer;
of this, examples are legion: Pericles speaking his funeral oration in Ancient Greece's extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom;
on the contrary, if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said, we see it as an era of opportunity.
referring further to the Foundation's officers, Dr& James F& Mathias, for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary, was promoted to be Secretary.
see Chapter 1.
see Chapter 5.
since he had gross income of $600 or more, he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600.
since you contributed more than half of his support, you may also claim an exemption for him on your return.
that we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr& Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been, it may be said truly, pretty uniformly good.
the Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr& Ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement.
the central group of the Foundation's advisors are, at any one period of time, the members of our Advisory Board, consisting, now, of thirty-six men and women.
the effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day, nor even in a year.
the one- or two-season hunt, of which there have been too many recently, may do more harm than good;
the present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago.
the present-day explorations of outer space, answering age-old questions of science and philosophy, in the face of possible wars of extinction.
the same is true of every foundation.
their locations in all parts of the United States, and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds.
they are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts.
to all, the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks: to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are.
to the members of our Advisory Board, and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection, the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows.
two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada, the United States, and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines.
we are, as we know, utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get;
you may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him, and even though you may be entitled to his services.
you spent $800 for his support.
{ IF YOUR CHILD WORKS FOR YOU, } you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business.
{ a MINOR CHILD IS ALLOWED A PERSONAL EXEMPTION } of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn.
#BUDGET INCREASED# On this basis, our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and earnings.
#LARGE-PACKAGE TWISTER# Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills.
#NEED FOR SOUND TAX POLICY# In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery, a sounder U& S& income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment, enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis, could, if adopted, have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years.
#OUTLOOK FOR CURRENT YEAR# Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed, our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960.
#RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT# Our research and development program, serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world, continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona.
#STRETCH YARN MACHINES# In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines.
#UNICONER# Major activity at Providence in 1961 will involve the scheduled completion of tooling for production of the Uniconer automatic coning machine.
along with J& R& Brown's other major developments, the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown + Sharpe for many years to come.
also important on the Brown + Sharpe scene, at the turn of the century, was Mr& Richmond Viall, Works Superintendent of the company from 1876 to 1910.
although Mr& Brown was not himself its inventor ( it was a French idea ), it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use.
as head of the firm Darling + Swartz, Mr& Darling began by challenging Brown + Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's.
as soon as the time came for re-sharpening, the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made.
between that year and the buying out of Mr& Darling's interest in 1892, a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling, Brown + Sharpe, and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark.
but more important, we believe, it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine.
commencing with the death of Lucian Sharpe in 1899, the name of Henry D& Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company.
during his presidency, the company's physical plant was enormously expanded, and the length and breadth of the Brown + Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world.
during the Civil War period Mr& Brown also invented the Brown + Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter, a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics.
during the early part of this century, the Brown + Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world.
during the past year, great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and textured fabrics.
during these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr& Brown.
fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports apparel and improved" wash and wear" dresses and blouses made from these fabrics.
following Mr& Brown's death, there came forward in the Brown + Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company.
he was an ardent champion of the Brown + Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company.
however, the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961.
in 1868, however, a truce was called between the companies, and the partnership of Darling, brown + Sharpe was formed.
in 1951, Henry D& Sharpe, Jr& succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the metal-working equipment business.
in one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown + Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad.
in spite of the fact that our largest market, the textile industry, was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity, we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959.
in the Cutting Tool Division, the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters, end mills and saws.
in the Industrial Products Division, the company manufactures and markets a wide line of precision gaging and inspection equipment, machinists' tools- including micrometers, Vernier calipers, and accessories.
in the grinding machine field, expansion went far from universal grinders alone and took in cylindrical grinders, surface grinders, and a wide variety of special and semi-special models.
it expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines, from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business, from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines.
it transfers yarn directly from the producers' largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics.
later in the year, additional types of this Leesona twister will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns.
mr& Brown's invention achieved this and, as a byproduct, formed the cornerstone of Brown + Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods.
mr& Viall possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men.
much of this necessary increase in research and development, though properly chargeable to current expenses, is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity, usually over a period of several years.
net income was $2,557,111, or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares currently outstanding, as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959, adjusted to the same number of shares.
one such man was Samuel Darling.
perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr& Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr& Oscar J& Beale, whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr& Brown, and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown + Sharpe to manufacture gages, and therefore its products, with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world.
recently added is the Brown + Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development.
sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 1960 showed an improvement over 1959.
sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960.
so it was that when Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868, they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown + Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day.
such a depreciation policy would also, we believe, prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U& S& textile and other industries, thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange.
such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment, in terms of efficiency and versatility.
that achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine, which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition.
the Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown + Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines, grinding machines of many types, and knee and bed-type milling machines.
the child of this problem was Mr& Brown's famous Serial No& 1 Universal Milling Machine, the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world.
the company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts.
the final achievement of Mr& Brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine.
the micrometer caliper, as a common workshop tool, also owes much to J& R& Brown.
the original machine, bearing its famous serial number, is still on exhibition at the Brown + Sharpe Precision Center in Providence.
these machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds, larger yarn packages, and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn.
these machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics.
this increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development.
this machine, like its milling counterpart, was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world.
this machine, operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute, is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today.
this process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form.
this process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr& Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation.
this program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality, fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money.
this we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment.
this work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year.
up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth, but they were good for only one sharpening.
#ATHLETICS# THE ATHLETIC PROGRAM at Carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the College and operates under the same budgetary procedure and controls as the academic work.
#MUSICAL ACTIVITIES# THE COLLEGE was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life.
#RELIGIOUS ACTIVITIES# FROM THE FOUNDING of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion.
#STUDENT WORKSHOP# THIS workshop, located in Boliou Hall, provides facilities for students to work in ceramics, weaving, enameling, welding, woodworking, textile printing, printmaking, and lapidary.
#THEATER# THE PURPOSE of producing plays at the College is three-fold: to provide the Carleton students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available;
ATTENDANCE is required at the College Service of Worship < or > at the Sunday Evening Program < or > at any regularly organized service of public worship.
CHAPEL SERVICES are held weekly.
Carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students.
Orchesis, for students interested in the modern dance, contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration.
RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS include the groups described below.
THE NORTHFIELD CHURCHES include the following: alliance, Congregational-Baptist, Episcopal, Lutheran ( Norwegian, Danish, Missouri Synod, and Bethel ), Methodist, Moravian, Pentecostal, and Roman Catholic.
THE" C" CLUB is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in Carleton athletics.
_2._ A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00.
_SOCCER CLUB._ The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport.
_WOMEN 'S RECREATION ASSOCIATION._ This Association, organized in 1920, is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women.
a COLLEGE SERVICE OF WORSHIP is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the Chapel.
a SUNDAY EVENING PROGRAM provides theological lectures, music, drama, and films related to the issues of the Judeo-Christian tradition.
a faculty committee on athletics, responsible to the faculty as a whole, exercises control over the athletic program of the College.
a student organization, Bottega, is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical, technical, and productive contexts.
active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club, Orchesis, Golf Club, Tennis Club, and Dolphins.
all students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify.
and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance.
attendance at the Chapel Service is voluntary.
courses are offered in ethics, the philosophy and history of religion, Christian thought and history, and the Bible.
dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players, which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims.
each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings.
extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining, under skilled direction, the Choir, the Orchestra, the Band, the Glee Club, and smaller ensembles of wind and string players.
for the 1960-1961 season, The Carleton Players have announced < Blood Wedding > by Federico Garcia Lorca, < The Knight of the Burning Pestle > by Beaumont and Fletcher and < A Moon for the Misbegotten > by Eugene O 'Neill, with a pre-season production of < The Glass Menagerie > by Tennessee Williams.
in addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year, there are concerts by students of the music department, by members of the music faculty, and by visiting artists.
in addition to these rules, Carleton has added the following: _1._ A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year, other than that sponsored by the College, shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution.
included are the following: Baptist Student Movement, Canterbury Club ( Episcopal ), Christian Science Organization, Friends' Meeting for Worship, Hillel ( Jewish ), Liberal Religious Fellowship, Lutheran Student Association, Newman Club ( Roman Catholic ), Presbyterian Student Fellowship, United Student Fellowship ( Congregational-Baptist ), and Wesley Fellowship ( Methodist ).
it concerns itself with: _1._ The policies which govern the program _2._ The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College _3._ The approval of athletic schedules _4._ The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules.
membership consists of both beginners and experienced players.
membership is open to any woman student in the College.
music is furnished by the Carleton College Choir.
occasional meetings are held for the whole membership, usually with a guest speaker, while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently.
orchestra, Band, and Choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes.
practices are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club.
student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ), and the Keynotes ( a women 's singing group ).
student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committee, a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.
tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall, and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at Carleton in May.
the Association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes.
the Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships, to broaden their interests, and to engage in worthwhile service projects.
the Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program.
the Glee Club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership.
the Saddle Club, open to students proficient in horsemanship, presents the Annual Spring Riding Exhibition, and during the year it offers speakers, movies, breakfast rides, and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport.
the Y&M&C&A& and Y&W&C&A& at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes.
the group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop.
the physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition, either intercollegiate or intramural.
the purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at Carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body.
the purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency, sportsmanship, and" play for play's sake".
the same standards for admission, for eligibility to receive scholarships or grants-in-aid, and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students.
the school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester.
the sermons are given by the College Chaplain, by members of the faculty, or by guest preachers.
the service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced.
the workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week.
there are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups.
these extra-curricular activities are conducted under supervision of the Director of the Student Workshop.
these services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain, by the President of the College, by selected faculty members, students, and visitors.
these student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each;
they are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department.
they perform at many campus social events.
this is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or intramural sports program and by sponsoring the Carleton cheerleaders.
to encourage the practice of attending the theater;
## < Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees, enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course >.
## < The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands **h great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves >.
#INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT# Paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing, sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in 1959.
#REPLACEMENT PARTS# In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business, the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year.
a busy president, conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines, tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is.
although faculties insist on governing themselves, they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government.
although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual, on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year, to at least $6 billion.
and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's.
as I have indicated above, I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year, but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the full-year figures close to those of 1960;
between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters.
by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration;
by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments;
by minimizing the number of committees.
chief engineer of the radio set division of Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd&, the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in Great Britain;
demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half, but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates.
despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration, complaints of a lack of communication persist.
director of engineering at Philco of Great Britain, Ltd&, and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at The Brush Development Co&, Cleveland, Ohio.
during World War 2,, he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy.
for the near term, however, it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market, and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years;
he can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways: by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty;
he can, for example, present significant university-wide issues to the senate.
he has a Bachelor of Science from the University of Manchester, England.
he is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers.
he is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London, a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio, and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain.
he may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy, but he has a right to expect, in return, that they will leave administrative matters to the administration.
he was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958, and was later promoted to his present post.
how well do faculty members govern themselves?
in sum, I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961, with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion, despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally.
in the industrial field, prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright.
in the military field, incoming orders turned down early in the year, and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components.
informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's, under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of banking and retailing, industrial process control, and information storage and retrieval.
letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole, an area that would benefit by more faculty attention.
mr& Brown presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923.
mr& Brown will at the same time undertake expansion of VecTrol's custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff.
mr& Brown, well-known, English-born inventor, prior to founding VecTrol was at various times section leader in radio research at Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Co&, Ltd&;
mr& Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department, coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington, D& C&, where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies.
mr& Devey is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended the United States Naval Academy Post-Graduate School specializing in electronic engineering.
mr& Devey is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers, and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee P-9 on Printed and Modular Components.
mr& Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers, working closely with Walter J& Brown, President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary.
mr& Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group, which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components, packaged component assemblies, and high temperature magnet wires.
on prospects for continued increases in defense spending;
production totalled about 123 million units against 82 million in 1959, and I look for a further gain to 188 million units worth approximately $380 million in 1961.
sales of passive components, such as capacitors and resistors, although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year, and should increase again in 1961.
sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million, compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types.
sales should slightly exceed 1960, however, and reach $1.9 billion.
since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide, one person, with adequate staff assistance, could fill both jobs.
success will require tact, sensitivity to faculty prerogatives, patience, and persistence.
the appointment of Gilbert B& Devey as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering, Inc&, of Stamford, Connecticut, a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls, has been announced by David B& Peck, Vice President, Special Products.
the appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in electro-magnetic compatability problems.
the cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose.
the faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship.
the market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually, reaching some $450 million in 1960.
the markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry.
the need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation.
the president expects faculty members to remember, in exercising their autonomy, that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally accountable for top-level decisions.
the president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes, but if he looks ahead two, three, or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas, he can open the way for innovation, and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take.
the promotion of Robert E& Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S& Scarborough, Manager of Interference Control Field Service.
the stepped up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it, and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962.
there are, nevertheless, several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege.
there is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government.
they sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government.
they, too, need to learn to delegate.
this is now a $1.0 billion business, up from $0.9 billion in 1959, and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961.
to increase faculty influence and decrease tension, many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly.
#2.
INTRODUCTION# IT HAS recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres.
Mars has been observed twice at about 3- cm wave length, and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars.
Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves, although opaque to infrared radiation.
THE MOON# _2.1 OBSERVATIONS_ Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm, and the results are summarized in Table 1.
a president is frequently besieged to serve in non-academic civic and governmental capacities, to make speeches to lay groups, and to make numerous ceremonial appearances on and off campus.
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1 days after Full Moon, which is again in contrast to the infrared emission, which reaches its maximum at Full Moon.
by sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues, the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution, something more than the lengthened shadow of one man.#1.
declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance.
for the case of Jupiter, the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator, and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal components.
higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world, but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income.
in spite of this, the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years.
in the observations at 4.3 mm ( Coates, 1959 < a > ), the diameter of the antenna beam, 6 '.7, was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface, and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases.
in the relatively short time since these early observations, Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm, and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 cm. the observable characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity, the polarization, and the direction of arrival of the waves.
it should be possible, however, to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers.
just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives, so should non-academic officers.
mare Imbrium seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it.
measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19, 1956, using the 50-foot reflector at the U& S& Naval Research Laboratory in Washington.
measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth.
no attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported, and, because of their distances, small diameters, or low temperatures, the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity.
not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data, and this, together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers, must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures.
observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical techniques ( Sinton, 1955, 1956,;
observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface.
of the remaining planets, only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources, and not very much information is available.
other than this very significant result, most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation.
radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets.
recent interferometer measurements ( Radhakrishnan and Roberts, 1960 ) have shown the 960- Mc emission of Jupiter to be partially polarized and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk.
see also chap& 11 ).
since he can neither accept nor reject them all, he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations.
since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length, it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material.
steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and 9.4 cm, and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 cm in 1956 ( Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958 < a, b, c > ), and from Saturn at 3.75 cm in 1957 ( Drake and Ewen, 1958 ).
such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted.
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 );
the < apparent black-body disk temperature > is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation.
the antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured ( Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958 < b > ), so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known.
the concept of apparent black-body temperature is used to describe the radiation received from the moon and the planets.
the constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by Coates ( 1959 < a > ), and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features.
the half-intensity diameter of the antenna beam was about 9', and the angle subtended by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes.
the infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon, while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface, where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase.
the low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations, but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin.
the maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc.
the measured brightness temperature is a good approximation to the brightness temperature at the < center of the lunar disk > because of the narrow antenna beam and because the temperature distribution over the central portion of the moon's disk is nearly uniform.
the measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector, which is altitude-azimuth-mounted, would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized.
the observations of Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker at 3.15 cm and of Sloanaker at 10.3 cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described.
the observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity, although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 1o cm is like that of a black body at about 6oo' K. this result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet, although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence.
the quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1' K. at meter wave lengths and increase of the order of 10' K in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected.
the radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955, when Burke and Franklin ( 1955 ) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter.
the radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths, except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise.
the ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam ( assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible ) was found, by graphical integration of the antenna directivity diagram, to be 0.85.
the received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which subtends the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet.
the results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e&g&, Garstung, 1958 ).
the study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at 1.25- cm wave length by Dicke and Beringer ( 1946 ).
the use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation, and only if the planet really radiates as a black body, will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material.
there have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation.
therefore, neglecting the extreme outbursts, reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range.
these contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid falloff in the radio brightness with latitude.
these observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions.
they deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion;
they will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals.
this is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction, and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved.
this sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by Burke ( chap& 13 ) and Gallet ( chap& 14 ).
this was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25- cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and Minnett ( 1949 ).
very recently, observations have been made at 8- mm wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about 2' ( Amenitskii, Noskova, and Salomonovich, 1960 ).
when sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available, it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon.
#EXPERIMENTAL PROCEDURE AND ERROR ANALYSIS# _1.
TRANSPIRATION COOLED ANODE WITH CARBON ANODE HOLDER_ The anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind.
a band viscometer is shown in Figure 2.
a high frequency starter was used to start the arc.
a system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time.
a tape of cellulose acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks.
after it has reached terminal velocity, the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded.
although the tape was run for over 1 hr&, a steady state was not reached, and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate.
although there were only four fluids tested, it was apparent that there were two distinct types.
and **f.
another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3.
as it turned out, a very hot region occurred on the plug.
assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon, the gas enthalpy rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation **f whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as **f.
at 100 Amp the 360 cycle ripple was less than 0.5 V ( peak to peak ) with a resistive load.
because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier, no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation.
by the use of various weights, data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained.
figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid, labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure.
for each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured.
in addition, the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation.
in normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks.
in order to reduce the number of variable parameters, all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5' ' and a current of 100 Amp.
in this design the anode holder is water cooled and the heat losses by conduction from the anode were determined by measuring the temperature rise of the coolant.
in this test a **f tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of **f with a clearance of 0.002' ' on each side of the tape.
it consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by shims.
it is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder, to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements.
it was calculated from the temperature gradient **f at **f inch as **f.
it was denoted by **f.
its temperature was denoted by **f.
simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements pyrometer readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2.
some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4.
temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the water-cooled anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the coolant but not originating from the anode plug.
the **f values are listed in Table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc voltages.
the arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders.
the argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure regulator and measured with a gas flow rator.
the argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between **f.
the current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter.
the face of one block contained a hole 1 ' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure.
the heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made.
the instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described.
the lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable.
the mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation: **f where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot.
the mean temperature of this region was approximated by the temperature measured halfways between the edge of the hot spot and the rim of the plug.
the power source was a commercial D& C& rectifier.
the radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to **f where **f is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures **f and **f calculated analogously to equation ( 1 ).
the reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the specular characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry.
the rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug.
the size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
the temperature dependent value of |e was taken from Ref& 7.
the thermocouples in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of **f.
the total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby **f The temperature distribution of figure 4 gives **f for all blowing rates, assuming **f.
the total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts.
the upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc.
the upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was **f.
there is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed.
they showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements.
this calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures.
this gives a rate of shear of **f.
this region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously.
this temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned.
this, however, can only be considered approximate, as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs.
thus, the dotted line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates.
to measure the surface temperature of the anode plug, the surface was scanned with a pyrometer.
to reduce heat transfer from the hot has to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc, a carbon shield was attached tothe surface providing an air gap of 1 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder.
two of the fluids showed a high-positive normal pressure when undergoing shear, and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two.
## A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline **f as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented.
#**f BOND IN **F# Theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the **f bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid.
#EXPERIMENTAL PROCEDURES# _SAMPLES_ Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300-325' C. dr& Douglass was kind enough to lend us about 5 grams of his material.
#INTRODUCTION# THE magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei.
( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet, but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other;
( 3 ) hydrogen atoms are asymmetrically placed, either randomly or in an ordered way, so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms.
**f appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters, since it is a normal paramagnet, with three unpaired electrons on the chromium, its crystal structure is very simple, and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong **f bond provides structural interest.
**f is paramagnetic, and electron paramagnetic dipole as well as nuclear dipole effects lead to line broadening.
**f.
500 ml of 1 < M > aqueous **f with 1 g **f added are heated in a bomb at 170' C for 48 hours.
Douglass found **f to be trigonal, Laue symmetry **f, with **f, **f.
Douglass found powder intensity calculations and measurements to agree best for **f.
Douglass has studied the crystal structure of **f by x-ray diffraction.
X-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell, corresponding to a paramagnetic ion density of **f.
a drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6.
a randomization of" ups" and" downs" is more likely than ordered" ups" and" downs" in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another, and also since ordered" up" and" down" implies a larger unit cell, for which no evidence exists.
a very fine, gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed, water-washed by centrifugation, and dried at 110' C. differential thermal analysis showed a very small endothermic reaction at 340' C and a large endothermic reaction at 470' C. this latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of **f.
all subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375' C for one hour.
an isotropic resonance shift of **f to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction.
emission spectra indicated **f calcium and all other impurities much lower.
he finds the structure contains an **f bond with the **f distance of **f.
hence, the electron paramagnetic effects ( slope ) can be separated from the nuclear effects ( intercept ).
here the **f distance is 2.44 A. a number of semiempirical estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the **f bond becomes symmetric when the **f bond length is about 2.4 to 2.5 A, but aside from the possible example of nickel dimethylglyoxime there have been no convincing reports of symmetric **f bonds.
however, any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short **f interlayer distance of 2.55 A or the non-hydrogen-bonded **f interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 A. hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from geometrical equivalence.
however, the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off **f, but also allows the oxygen atoms to become nonequivalent, with **f at **f and **f at **f ( space group **f ), where **f represents the oxygens on one side of the **f layers and **f those on the other side.
if the **f bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms: ( 1 ) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets;
indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects.
it is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure.
mass spectrometric analysis of gases evolved upon heating to 410' C indicated nitrogen oxides and water vapor.
moreover, it will be asymmetric until a certain critical **f distance is reached, below which it will become symmetric.
note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy, the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure.
plane suggested another preparation of **f which we used here.
position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds.
since **f is ferromagnetic, we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated **f would be suspect.
subsequently, we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent **f impurity.
the **f distance in **f is 2.26 A. there is evidence, though less convincing than for **f, that the **f bond in nickel dimethylglyoxime is symmetric.
the **f layers are stacked normal to the [ 111 ] axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer, in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers.
the O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each Cr atom is surrounded by a distorted octahedron of O atoms.
the bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal.
the energy for any isothermal work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings.
the experimental second moment **f conforms to the relation **f in agreement with theory.
the general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f.
the gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
the information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed, and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the **f bond in **f.
the lines are asymmetric and over the range of field **f gauss and temperature **f the asymmetry increases with increasing **f and decreasing < T >.
the nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei, but the symmetry of the **f bond in **f remains in doubt.
the only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general, rather than special, positions along the [ 111 ] axis.
the paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes.
the separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds.
the small reaction occurring at 337' C is probably caused by decomposition of occluded nitrates, and perhaps by a small amount of some hydrous material other than **f.
the structure appears to be unique among < R > OOH compounds, but is the same as that assumed by **f.
the theory predicts a linear dependence of **f on **f, where |j is the experimentally determined Curie-Weiss constant.
the x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group, but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry.
there is ample evidence from many sources that the **f bond in **f is symmetric.
there is, then, the possibility that this **f bond is symmetric, although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data.
therefore, the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located symmetrically ( 1 ) or asymmetrically ( 3 ).
thermogravimetric analysis showed a weight loss of 1.8% centered at 337' C and another weight loss of 10.8% at 463' C. the expected weight loss for **f going to **f and **f is 10.6%.
these data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms.
this conformational entropy is, in this case, equal to the usual entropy, for there are no other changes or other energies involved.
this material proved to be unsatisfactory, since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample.
this space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric.
under this assumption the space group must be **f and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell.
we first discuss the **f bond in **f.
we then outline the theory of the interaction of paramagnetic dipoles with nuclei and show that the theory is in excellent agreement with experiment.
## The thermal exchange of chlorine between **f and liquid **f is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of 180' and above.
#PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY OF WASHING# Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present, this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces.
( 1 ) Below the critical micelle concentration, monomers and some dimers are present.
( 2 ) In the critical micelle region, there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the micelles, which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60-80.
( 3 ) For anionics, these micelles appear to be roughly spherical assemblages in which the hydrocarbon tails come together so that the polar groups ( the ionized ends ) face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase.
Harris has indicated that two devices, the Launder-Ometer and Terg-O-Tometer are most widely used for rapid detergent testing, and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics.
_2._ Greasy soils, which are typified by hydrocarbons and fats ( esters of glycerol with long-chain organic acids ).
_3._ Stains, which include the wide variety of nonparticulate materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object.
_4._ Miscellaneous soils, which primarily include sticky substances and colorless liquids which evaporate to leave a residue.
also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use.
although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated, the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the detergency process.
and natural waters, in addition, often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove.
and, indeed, there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active, builder, antiredeposition agent, etc& than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active.
as is the case with the surface-active agent, the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high.
as is well known, detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution.
cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil.
freed soil must be dispersed and protected against flocculation.
from the equilibrium sorption data which are available, it seems logical to expect that polyphosphate ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt ( especially clay soils ) so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge.
greases, stains, and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface.
greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water;
however, a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of van der Waal's forces.
hydroxides, orthophosphates, borates, carbonates, and silicates are important inorganic ingredients of hard-surface cleaners.
in addition, dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids, including liquid greases.
in addition, the polyphosphates are also used, probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else.
in an essentially static system, an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent.
in hard-surface cleaning, the inorganic salts are more important than the organic active.
in most cases, these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action.
in the cleaning process, sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant.
in the over-all process, it is difficult to assign a" pure" role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation;
in this way, numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing.
indeed, when the proper inorganic constituents are employed, practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation.
it does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on sorption-desorption phenomena which will be discussed later ( see pp& 1746-1748 ).
it is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent constituent acting alone are severe.
large numbers of potential builders have been investigated, but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice.
likewise, a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and < vice versa >, and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface exhibiting an opposite charge.
micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold.
obviously hydrophobic ( oleophilic ) substances such as greases, oils, or particles having a greasy or oily surface are more at home in the center of a micelle than in the aqueous phase.
obviously, a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil.
obviously, if colloidal particles bear charges of opposite sign or, if one kind is charged and the other kind is not, the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to agglomerate will be greatly reinforced.
physicochemical investigations of anionic surfactants, including the soaps, have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain anions below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration.
related to micelle formation is the technologically important ability of detergent actives to congregate at oil-water interfaces in such a manner that the polar ( or ionized ) end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the hydrocarbon chain towards the oily phase.
since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive, a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents.
soil redeposition is evaluated by washing clean swatches with the dirty ones.
substances other than detergent actives also tend to be strongly sorbed from aqueous media onto surfaces of other contiguous condensed phases.
the charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface, which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions.
the crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as: **f The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale.
the detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils.
the dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent.
the importance of the inorganic constituents in hard-surface cleaning has been emphasized in a number of papers.
the negatively charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase.
the other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils.
the problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex.
the purpose of washing is, obviously, to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below: _1._ Dirt, which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit colloidal properties.
the soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash.
the washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to loosen the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to float off the debris and acts, to some extent, as a dissolving and solvating agent.
then during washing, the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass, with the aid of mechanical action, and enter the aqueous phase.
therefore, detergents are used.
this hypothesis is evolved in analogy to the demonstrated action of organic actives in detergency.
this is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles, or to stick to an uncharged surface.
this is particularly true of highly charged ions, especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes.
thus, for aqueous media, we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent, and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent.
upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally encountered in the washing process, it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having" synergistic" properties has gained widespread acceptance.
whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil-water interfaces, the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p& 1678 ).
whereas, with a poor formulation, the clothes exhibit a build-up of" tattle-tale grey" and dirty spots- sometimes with bad results even after the first wash.
#5.3 DIRECT MEASUREMENTS OF MICROMETEORITE FLUX# One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space.
, in series 1, the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm&.
Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure, which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag.
Wyatt and Whipple, 1950 ), which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation, causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth.
_THE PHOTOCHEMICAL EXCHANGE IN THE GAS PHASE._- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects, the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate.
according to Whipple ( 1955 ), cometary debris is sufficient to replenish the material spiraling into the sun, maintaining a fairly steady state.
also, planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached.
and for the next nine days, the impact rate was less than **f ( Nazarova, 1960 ).
another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component.
asteroidal collisions are also thought to contribute material.
at greater distances from the sun, the situation is still less certain.
at one astronomical unit from the sun ( the Earth's distance ) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular.
being based on so few events, these results are of dubious validity.
beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth, but still in the region of the Earth's orbit, a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable.
data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table 1.
de Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect, which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis.
direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors.
direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2, where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen.
even in the neighborhood of the Earth, where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly, the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude.
exchange was also observed in these cells, which had chlorine present at **f.
for the next two days, the impact rate was **f;
from the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light, an estimate of the particle sizes, concentrations, and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane.
further, the corpuscular radiation, < i&e& >, the solar-wind protons, must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size, with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force.
however, one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship.
if one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements, a mass-distribution curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7 power of the radius.
if such is the case, the particles within a distance of about **f km of the Earth will have, relative to the Earth, a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth.
in addition, the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain.
in the United States, most of the sensors are calibrated by dropping small spheres on their sensitive surfaces.
it is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon.
many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information.
many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles, a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities.
ninety per cent of the 153 recorded impacts occurred between midnight and noon, and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude.
note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large.
on May 15, a very large increase occurred with **f of mass between **f and **f;
one may conclude that most of the detected micrometeoritic material is concentrated in orbital streams which intersect the Earth's orbit.
pioneer 1, recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours.
preliminary data from 1959 Eta give an average impact rate of **f for masses larger than **f for about 1000 events in a 22-day period ( LaGow and Alexander, 1960 ).
since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects, there must be a continual replenishment: otherwise, micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space.
space probes have yielded little information.
statistically, the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 Alpha ( Explorer 1, ), 1958 Delta 2 ( Sputnik 3, ), and 1959 Eta ( Vanguard 3, ).
the Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson, 1937;
the Poynting-Robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis, with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun.
the Russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of ejected material from the sensor.
the calibration of piezoelectric sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very uncertain.
the cores of deep-sea sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category.
the data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux.
the data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
the data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth.
the data show daily and diurnal variations.
the day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.5.
the direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages;
the impact rate on 1958 Alpha for 153 events was **f for particles of mass greater than **f ( Dubin, 1960 );
the last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been oserved at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm& distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity.
the radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size- a 1000- |m-diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years.
there are several possible sources.
there are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment.
there have been contradictory reports from 1958 Delta 2, and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable.
these instruments are installed on rockets, satellites, and space probes.
these vehicles, with large sensitive areas, have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure.
this effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth.
this large discrepancy demonstrates the inadequacies of the experimental methods and the lack of understanding of the various phenomena involved.
this mass threshold was derived from the detector calibration and an assumed impact velocity of **f.
when typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated, chlorine and phosgene were produced.
with detectors sensitive to three mass intervals and based on a few counts, the second and third Russian space probes indicate that the flux of the smallest particles detected is less than that of larger ones.
a network of sampling stations had been set up on shore.
a number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by the natural portal of entry.
a rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first, ninth, and fifteenth floors of a Government office building.
a satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns.
a solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized.
agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing Q fever, tularemia, brucellosis, glanders, coccidioidomycosis, etc&, belong in this category.
all of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management.
all samplers were operated for a period of two hours except one, which was operated for four hours.
an aerosol of such small particles.
an agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements.
an aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population.
an aqueous suspension of the spores of < B& subtilis, var& niger >, generally known as < Bacillus globigii >, was aerosolized using commercially available nozzles.
an enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism, a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality.
an enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious.
as can be seen from Figure 2, an extensive area was covered by this aerosol.
as can be seen from these dosage isopleths, approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled.
biological agents are, of course, highly host-specific.
botulinal toxin, for example, is several thousand-fold more toxic by this route than when given per os.
certain other properties of small particles, in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract, are noteworthy in defense considerations.
depending on the organism, there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products, i&e&, in milk for example.
figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial.
for example, bright sunlight is rapidly destructive for living microorganisms suspended in air.
four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of 156 miles.
from these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered.
in considering BW defense, it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect.
in some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure, making diagnosis difficult.
in this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction.
in this instance, there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period, a four-fold increase.
in this test, 130 gallons of a suspension, having a count of **f organisms per ml, or a total of approximately **f spores, was aerosolized.
in tularemia produced by aerosol exposure, one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of" rabbit fever" on a finger.
it is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such as antibiotic resistant strains.
it is quite likely that an even greater area was covered, particularly downwind.
it is, obviously, a proper goal of research to improve on this property.
it must be remembered, however, that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent.
it will rise during lapse conditions.
moreover, diffuses through structures in much the same manner as a gas.
moreover, it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable.
mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification.
neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface.
only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem.
some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal.
something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials: in the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions.
spraying continued along a two-mile course.
the behavior of a biological aerosol, on a much smaller scale, is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a non-pathogenic organism.
the dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were: **f This was not, of course, enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol.
the maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source.
the particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles.
the question of epidemic disease merits some discussion.
the secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense.
the smaller the particle the further it will travel downwind before settling out.
the spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel, cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze.
there are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne.
there are, of course, certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met.
there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made.
there may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens, restaurants, food stores, hospitals, etc&.
there was a slight lapse condition, a moderate fog, and 100 per cent relative humidity.
these dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case.
these were located at the homes of Government employees, in Government Offices, buildings and reservations within the trial area.
they do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives.
this material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and assessment.
this may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives.
this operation was started at 5:00 p&m& and lasted for 29 minutes.
this suggests that the sampling period, particularly at the more distant locations, should have been increased.
zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated.
#EXPERIMENTAL AND RESULTS# The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity, regardless of the blood group of the donor.
I must add at once that these animals are what we call" queens", young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn.
_PAPER ELECTROPHORESIS._ For protein identification, fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5' C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline.
_ULTRACENTRIFUGATION._ Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline, pH 7.2, ionic strength 0.154.
a flow rate of 72 **f was used and 12 ml fractions were collected.
a marvelous arrangement, for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread, a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed. the only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites.
a sample of Fraction **f from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer, dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig& 2.
apart from the honeybee, practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor.
approximately 165 fractions were obtained from each column.
as expected, most of the activity was found in Fraction **f, with slight activity seen in Fraction 4,-1.
at the end of the run, the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried, stained for 1 hr, washed and dried, while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1' C. the unstained strips were then marked, using the stained ones as a guide, and cut transversely so as to separate the various protein bands.
because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins, permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure, it was used in all but the earliest experiments.
by scrutinizing the flowers, one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts.
chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide.
during the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at 2' C by surrounding the apparatus with ice.
each initially contained 1700 ml of buffer;
each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers.
even some of the queens will die before the winter is over, falling prey to enemies or disease.
five milliamperes were applied for 18 hr, after which the strips were stained with bromphenol blue and densitometry was carried out using a Spinco Analytrol.
for preparative ultracentrifugation, fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less, transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline.
in 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3, Fig& 1 ).
in all cases the activity against **f cells was spread over a wider area than that with **f cells, regardless of the type of test ( saline, albumin, indirect Coombs ) used for comparison.
in all cases, most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity.
in fact agglutination of **f cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing" only" incomplete antibody activity.
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer, 0.50 M in both **f and Tris, pH 4.1.
it is a happy, buzzing crowd.
it is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs, and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green, black-tipped little scale.
it is on them alone that the future of their race depends, for all their relatives ( mothers, husbands, brothers, and unmated sisters ) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather.
moreover, after concentration using negative pressure dialysis, agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors P& J&, D& A&, and J& F&, Fig& 1 ).
not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity, as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas.
now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red < Ribes sanguineum > of our Pacific Northwest, or otherwise a good sloe tree, or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom, preferably one with male or staminate catkins.
occasionally, you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season, when you are turning over sods in your garden, but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all.
once again, both anti- A and anti- B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis.
other methods will be described below.
paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model R cell using barbital buffer, pH 8.6, ionic strength 0.075, at room temperature on Whatman 3MM filter paper.
sedimentation coefficients were computed as **f values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the Schlieren patterns.
several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by Method 6 of Cohn < et al > &.
similarly, both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate, having extremely low, low, and high anionic binding capacity, respectively ( Fig& 3 ).
successive 1- ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe, starting at the top of the tube, and tested for agglutinin activity.
the blooms of < Ribes > and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble: honeybees, bumblebees, and other wild bees, and also various kinds of flies.
the complete, in the latter part.
the deep concave gradient employed ( fig& 2 ) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device (" Varigrad", reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere.
the incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram;
the insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity.
the latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak ( Region 1a ) between Regions 1 and 2.
the other, a shallow concave gradient ( Fig& 1 ), was produced with a so-called" cone-sphere" apparatus, the" cone" being a 2-liter Erlenmeyer flask and the" sphere," a 2-liter round-bottom flask.
the serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions ( Fig& 1 ).
the staminate willow catkins, then, provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen;
the strip sections containing a given protein were pooled, eluted with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline, and the eluates were tested for antibody activity.
the survivors emerge on some nice, sunny day in March or April, when the temperature is close to 50' F and there is not too much wind.
there appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti- A and anti- B activity in group O serum, though in two group O donors ( J& F& and E& M& ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs& 1 and 2 ).
these fractions were tested for ABO agglutinin activity, using fractions from group AB plasma as a control.
these have been labeled Regions 1, 2, and 4, respectively, in Fig& 1.
these were read at 280 m|m in a Beckman model DU spectrophotometer and tested for antibody activity as described above.
they keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies, and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt.
they were then centrifuged at 59,780 rpm for 35 to 80 min at 20' C in a Spinco model E ultracentrifuge at a protein concentration of 1.00 to 1.25%.
this was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera;
this was particularly noticeable in group A and group B sera, in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all.
those are the nectaries or honey glands ( Fig& 26, page 74 ).
ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a Spinco model L ultracentrifuge at 40,000 rpm for 125 to 150 min, refrigeration being used throughout the run.
when paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation, eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run under the conditions described above.
when the early part of the gradient was flattened, either by using the gradient shown in Fig& 2 or by allowing the" cone-sphere" gradient to become established more slowly, Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P& J& and R& S&, Fig& 1 and E& M&, Fig& 2 ).
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample, no complete antibody activity could be detected.
with either of the gradients described, chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs& 1 and 2 ): one of extremely low anionic binding capacity, one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity.
#MAXIMUM LENGTH# Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved, and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions.
< Nomia melanderi > can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains, for example, in Utah and central Washington.
Felix Kopstein states that" when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length", but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception, with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity.
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth;
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias.
Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found.
Laurence M& Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes, and Charles C& Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( < Thamnophis > ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults.
Oliver, in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States, could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers, which I shall consider separately.
additional records of slow growth have been omitted.
another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity.
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet.
carpenter's study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two.
certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity, but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions.
closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees.
cottonmouth ( < Ancistrodon > ), two years.
data on the boa constrictor about match this.
data on the former are scanty, but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others, thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does, indeed, attain the greatest length.
every snake hide is noticeably longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the unscrupulous explorer.
field measurements by experienced explorers are not rejected, and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated.
for four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length, the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage.
he concluded that in the southern species, which are rapidly growing types, females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three.
he was working with species of Java, so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect.
if, in a certain part of the range, it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants, and reaches maturity at, let us guess, 18 inches longer than the others, a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet.
in most places, there are two generations a year, a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer.
in spite of all the pitfalls, there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants.
in the United States Department of Agriculture's < Yearbook of Agriculture, 1952 >, which is devoted entirely to insects, George E& Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females.
it is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity;
it is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity, but this apparently is an overestimation.
it is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves.
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep.
it seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently;
let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda.
many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length.
measurements of skins are of little value;
often the burrows are only an inch or two apart, and the bee cities cover several acres.
only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data.
other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old, and that the young may be born every other year, rather than annually.
red-bellied snake ( < Storeria > ), two years;
results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations: about three years are required, there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required.
sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline.
still < Andrena > will do a reasonably good job, so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind.
the African rock python, a close second, is followed in turn by the reticulate python.
the anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment, but the reason for this is not clear;
the best chance, of course, is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry, so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth.
the best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth, a method that produced surprising results: maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years, his mate in less than three;
the first is the strictly scientific, which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh.
the following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows, when considered with the foregoing, that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature.
the life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of < Andrena >, but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer, and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage.
the name" alkali bee" indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places.
the next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced, sensible conclusion;
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible.
the thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist;
the third level leans on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire.
there are few data on the boa constrictor, those for the anaconda are unconvincing, and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python.
there are three levels on which to treat the subject.
there seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths, starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ).
these three were much alike: lined snake ( < Tropidoclonion > ), one year and nine months;
they dislike dense vegetation.
this approach rejects virtually all field measurements.
this may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington, but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August, when the bees are in their most active period.
until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions, it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions.
when it comes to rate of early growth, the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years, more or less.
where does one find such conditions?
yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either.
#DISCUSSION# It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made.
' 25 ).
' 49 ) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats.
Berry, Brailsford and Daly in 1931 and Nakamura in 1958 reaffirmed this.
Ellis, Grindlay and Edwards ( ' 52 ) also were unable to find them in rats.
Miller ( ' 50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint.
Nakamura ( ' 58 ) was unable to demonstrate their existence, either by anatomic or physiologic methods, in dogs.
Nakamura ( ' 58 ), Verloop ( ' 48 ), Marchand, Gilroy and Watson ( ' 50 ), von Hayek ( ' 53 ), and Tobin ( ' 52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being.
Verloop ( ' 48;
a reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present.
also three other direct pathways of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted: via the pleura;
also, interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow;
although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals, nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( Miller, ' 13;
an unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted.
anatomically, the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man, insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( Birnbaum, ' 54 ) in the human being.
and along the terminal bronchiole ( figs& 14, 17, 18, 19 ).
and, in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van Allen and Lindskog, ' 31 ).
apparently, however, Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats, and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli, ' 38 ).
as early as 1858, Le Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings.
as early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein, but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure.
as in type 1,, it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa, and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen ( figs& 9, 10 ).
as seen in types 1, and 2,, it supplies the hilar lymph nodes, vasa vasorum to the pulmonary artery and vein, the bronchi and the terminal bronchioles.
certainly, the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species.
for example, the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate, long alveolar ducts and short, large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1, and 3,.
here the pulmonary vein, as in type 2,, is noted to draw away from the bronchus, and to follow a more direct, independent course to the hilum ( figs& 23, 24 ).
however, the dynamics of airflow, from morphologic considerations alone, may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse.
however, this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung.
if this be true, the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema.
in 1951, this was reaffirmed by Cudkowicz.
in addition, it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow, considering its marked lobular development but, conversely, not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog.
in addition, little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses.
in conclusion, these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology, pathology, and histology of mammalian lungs.
in criticism of the latter's views, his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level.
in distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery.
in other words, the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as < functional > or < demand > shunts.
it is distinctly possible, therefore, that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts inoperable and hence, uninjectable.
it is, however, highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species, especially the dog.
one bronchial arteriolar-pulmonary arteriolar anastomosis was noted at the terminal bronchiolar level ( fig& 26 ).
one might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse.
one would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1, or 2,.
our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated, were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein, and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards.
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being;
some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface.
such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once.
the alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues.
the bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals.
the diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere vasa vasorum ( figs& 16, 23, 24 ).
the meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear.
the only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries.
the opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ( ' 50 ).
the possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred.
the presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch, and thereafter by many others.
the significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined.
the volume and, perhaps, even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse.
theoretically, they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( Ghoreyeb and Karsner, ' 13 ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( Comroe, ' 58 ).
therefore, an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the nutritive requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue, not primarily diffusing in nature, in the region of the alveolus.
this pleural supply is derived both from hilar and interlobular bronchial artery branches.
this relationship, however, is not maintained centrally.
this vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs& 17, 18 ).
this viewpoint is further supported by Verloop 's ( ' 48 ) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves.
this was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely following the pulmonary artery.
through the interlobular septa;
with completion of filling, net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches.
within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and, if one is permitted to speculate, potential pathology should be included in this statement as well.
ORGANIFICATION OF IODINE_ The precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood.
SECRETION_ Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf& Section C ), it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion.
Serif and Kirkwood, 1958;
THYROGLOBULIN SYNTHESIS_ Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin.
Taurog, Potter and Chaikoff, 1955;
Taurog, Potter, Tong, and Chaikoff, 1956;
_b.
_c.
_d.
a similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage.
accordingly, girls 31, 29, 33, 21, 26, 13, 3, 4, 14, 32, 24, 25, 34, 23, 6, 15, 22, and 16 may be said to have the" same schedule" at Onset and Completion.
accordingly, if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche, early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with" same schedule".
after the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6, classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them.
as an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure: girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion.
at the top of Figure 5, for example, the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1.
boy 34, like girl 2, did not have" same schedule";
boys 32, 23, 31, 17, 30, 19, and 24 had" same schedule" at Onset and Completion;
de Groot and Carvalho, 1960 ).
figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center.
for example, arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34, whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4.
for the boy, this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion.
forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix.
his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean.
however, the formation of organically bound iodine, mainly mono-iodotyrosine, can be accomplished in cell-free systems.
if tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid, large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander, 1959 ).
in addition, depending on availability of dietary iodine, thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine.
in addition, the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine.
in contrast, for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion.
in the absence of additions to the homogenate, the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein ( Fawcett and Kirkwood, 1953;
in the thyroid gland it appears that proteins ( chiefly thyroglobulin ) are iodinated and that free tyrosine and thyronine are not iodinated.
interestingly enough, the effect of the digitalis glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium ( Wolff, 1960 ).
iodination of tyrosine, however, is not enough for the synthesis of hormone.
it is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism, and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue.
it is of interest that her menarche was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group.
it seems clear, from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls.
its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth, dietary patterns, and health during adolescence.
its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems, nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven.
length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1.
obviously, the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion.
on chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to **f and then to **f as the active iodinating species.
one growth center in a short bone- distal phalanx of the second finger- was chosen as an example for discussion here, primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion, the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones, occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage.
one of the proteases has pH optimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 ( McQuillan, Stanley and Trikojus, 1954;
similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes, whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide.
the 34 arrows, denoting onset age plus completion age deviations, have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls.
the Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period.
the chemical nature of the iodocompounds is discussed below ( pp& 76 et seq& ).
the correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was + .50, and that between onset age and Span was -.10.
the difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4.
the following summary, based on Figures 5 and 6, is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center.
the growth center depicted here, in the distal phalanx of the second finger, is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones.
the mean onset age was 25.3 months ( Table 1 ), and the average Span of the osseous stage was 133 months.
the mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues ( Pitt-Rivers and James, 1958 ).
the mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine.
the presence of several proteases and peptidases has been demonstrated in the thyroid.
the principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix.
the" dot" on his arrow indicates early Onset and the" tip" indicates relatively later Completion.
there is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control.
there is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination, for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin, a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff, Robbins and Rall, 1959 ).
this difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1.
this iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid, and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems.
thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys.
thus, the Span of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to" catch up" in ossification is demonstrated.
we have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child- more than 1700 values for the entire group- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center.
with due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing, expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years, and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement, each arrow with a" shaft length" of four months or less was selected as indicating" same schedule" at Onset and Completion, for this particular epiphysis.
#FINDINGS AT NECROPSY# The body was that of a well-developed, somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb& There were bilateral pterygia and arcus senilis, and the mouth was edentulous.
#INTRODUCTION# Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy, with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use.
#REPORT OF CASE# This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26, 1959, because of disabling weakness and general debility.
STANDARD PREPARATIONS AND UNITS OF THYROID-STIMULATING ACTIVITY_ The international unit ( u& ), adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( Mussett and Perry, 1955 ), has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation.
X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization.
_a.
a Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin **f.
a high-protein diet, calcium lactate supplements, and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness.
additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly, peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans, and cholelithiasis.
although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness, this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups.
at first the patient felt stronger, and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm&, but on Oct& 20, 1958, he complained of" caving in" in his knees.
at this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet, but marked in the shoulders, hips, and pelvic girdle, with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes.
because of increasing anemia, triamcinolone, 8 mg& daily, was started on Feb& 23, 1958, and was continued until july, 1958.
by Nov& 8, 1958, weakness, specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature, was pronounced, and a common complaint was" difficulty in stepping up on to curbs".
chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period, but there was no change in the muscle weakness.
electromyography revealed no evidence of lower motor neuron disease.
extensive osteoporosis with partial collapse of D8 was found.
for the most part, this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard.
from March 3 to May 1, 1949, the patient was maintained on dexamethasone, 3 to 6 mg& daily.
in 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years.
in February, 1958, the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema.
in February, 1959, during the second admission to The New York Hospital, a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections.
in May 1959, prednisone, 30 mg& daily, replaced the dexamethasone.
in addition, other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils.
in an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component, triamcinolone, 16 mg& daily, was begun on Sept& 26, 1958, and continued until Feb& 18, 1959.
in particular, the orifices of the right renal and celiac arteries were virtually occluded, and both calcified common iliac arteries were completely occluded.
in september, 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia;
in spite of normal thyroid function tests, a trial of propylthiouracil, 400 mg& daily for one week, was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness.
later, chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure.
many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large, irregular, basophilic nuclei.
microscopically, sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue.
muscle weakness did not improve, and the patient needed first a cane, then crutches.
no additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July, 1957, in an initial dose of 40 mg& daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg& daily.
no fasciculations or sensory defects were found.
on Feb& 12, 1959, purified corticotropin ( ACTH Gel ), 20 units daily intramuscularly, was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention.
on July 4, 1959, the patient developed marked abdominal pain and distension, went into shock, and died.
on the surfaces of both lungs there were emphysematous blebs measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter.
prednisone, 30 mg& daily, was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov& 22 until Dec& 1, 1958, without any improvement in the weakness.
repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted, as well as fever, malaise, anorexia, anxiety, and an exacerbation of the anemia.
serial serum potassium levels remained normal;
serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq& per liter, and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm& By Dec& 1, 1958, the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse, and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position.
severe back pain in June, 1959, prompted a third hospital admission.
splenomegaly was first noted in 1956, and a sternal marrow biopsy at that time showed" scattered foci of fibrosis" suggestive of myelofibrosis.
the case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia.
the clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis.
the coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses, and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm& distal to its origin.
the heart weighed 510 gm&, and at the outflow tracts the left and right ventricles measured 19 and 3 mm&, respectively.
the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm&.
the hemoglobin was 11.6 gm&.
the international unit is equipotent with the USP unit adopted in 1952, which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the USP reference substance.
the intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells.
the intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent, yellow-brown, hard, friable plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries.
the lungs weighed together 950 gm&.
the myocardium of the posterior base of the left ventricle was replaced by gray scar tissue over a 7.5 cm& area.
the protein-bound iodine was 6.6|mg& %, and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours, with a conversion ratio of 12%.
the serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase was 10 units per ml& per min&.
the terminal hospital admission on June 27, 1959, was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids.
the valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets.
therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation.
these reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism.
this medication was continued until February, 1958.
thyroid function tests yielded normal results.
triamcinolone, 16 mg& daily, was resumed and maintained until Feb& 18, 1959.
we should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units.
#DISCUSSION# In both the direct and indirect methods of staining, the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions.
#RESULTS# _SPECIFICITY OF STAINING_ _INDIRECT METHOD._ In the first few experiments **f was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50-100 mg sweet clover tissue powder.
Schramm and Ro^ttger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus.
_DIRECT METHOD._ **f was first conjugated with 50 mg of FITC per gram of globulin.
_DIRECT METHOD._ After drying the sections under the fan, fixing in acetone, and drying at 37' as in the indirect method, the sections were treated with conjugated **f or **f ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5-30 minutes.
_DISTRIBUTION OF VIRUS ANTIGEN_ Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors.
_FLUORESCENCE MICROSCOPY_ Stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a Zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp ( Osram HBO 200 ).
_STAINING TECHNIQUE_ _INDIRECT METHOD._ The sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at 37' for 30 minutes.
a red filter, Zeiss barrier filter with the code ( Schott ) designation BG 23, was also used in the ocular lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence.
after **f and **f were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder, nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present.
after blotting out most of the liquid around the sections, the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine ( 7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of PBS ).
after blotting out most of the saline around the sections, a drop of **f was layered over each of the sections, allowed to react for 30 minutes, and then washed with PBS for 15-30 minutes.
after passing **f through DEAE-cellulose, the titer of antibodies to WTV in the specific fraction was 1:4 of the titer before such passage ( precipitin ring tests by R& F& Whitcomb );
after these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining.
as controls other sections were similarly covered with NS.
as controls, other sections were similarly treated with **f or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus ( Wolcyrz and Black, 1956 ).
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1:4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining.
frequently a few isolated thick-walled cells or, rarely, groups of such cells in the xylem region, were also specifically stained, but there was no such staining in epidermis, cortex, most xylem cells, ray cells, or pith.
however, the nonspecific staining by the **f in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of WTV antigen.
in addition to other treatments, treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before layering **f did not reduce nonspecific staining.
in all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence.
in all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen.
in all the above procedures, when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1:10 or 1:100 with 0.85% saline, the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced, whereas, a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1:500 or diluting the **f to 1:5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence.
in later experiments, **f and **f were prepared by conjugating 8 mg of FITC per gram of globulin.
in our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder.
in some tumor sections small spherical bodies, possibly inclusion bodies ( Littau and Black, 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen.
in the direct method, **f, not further treated, stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems nonspecifically and WTV tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable **f.
in the eyepiece a Wratten 2 B filter was used to filter off residual ultra-violet light.
in the indirect method, this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with NS and **f or with **f only.
in the latter cases an additional treatment of the DEAE-cellulose-treated **f with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity.
no antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells.
nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for **f.
rinsing the sections with PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction.
sections of crown gall tissue similarly stained with either **f and **f or NS and **f also showed only the light green nonspecific fluorescence.
sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1:10 solution of **f for 30 minutes, washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes, stained with **f for 30 minutes, and washed for 15 minutes in PBS.
sections of tumors incited by WTV were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus.
sections were then washed with PBS for 15-30 minutes.
some of them were then covered with a drop of **f in a moist chamber at 24' for 30-40 minutes.
specific staining by DEAE-cellulose treated **f and **f, although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells, was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography.
such sections showed bright yellow-green specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue ( Lee and Black, 1955 ).
such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems ( Coons, 1958 ).
the autofluorescence from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant.
the best staining procedure with this purified **f consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes.
the intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder.
the light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness Corning 1840 filter.
the only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a DEAE-cellulose column.
the reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known.
the sections were then washed with PBS for 15-30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine.
the specificity of staining in WTV tumors with **f and **f but not with NS and **f or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and **f, and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover, indicate that an antigen of WTV was being stained.
the specificity of staining with **f was established as follows: **f specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover.
the virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue.
these areas are thought to represent the nuclei.
these conjugates **f had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate ( with 50 mg FITC per gram of globulin ) while the specific staining was similar in both cases.
this conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method.
this indicates that increase in specificity of **f after passing it through DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution.
this specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1:10 dilution of NS and **f or with **f alone.
this was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells.
treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence, especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1:2 with 0.85% saline.
treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate, and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder, sweet clover crown gall tissue powder, or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates.
two absorptions of **f with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of **f ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ), NS and **f with crown gall tissue powder, or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining.
unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with NS or **f did not show such green fluorescence.
when 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( **f ), the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments, and very little in others.
with this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1:10 dilution of **f for 30 minutes, washing with PBS for 15 minutes, staining with **f for 30 minutes, and washing with PBS for 15 minutes.
within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of WTV antigen was irregular in the cytoplasm.
#,.
#6.4.
#THEOREM 12.
( PRIMARY DECOMPOSITION THEOREM).# < Let > T < be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space > V < over the field > F. < let > p < be the minimal polynomial for > T, **f < where the **f are distinct irreducible monic polynomials over > F < and the **f are positive integers.
> _PROOF._ The idea of the proof is this.
CONCLUDING REMARKS# In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range, we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems, respectively.
THE PRIMARY DECOMPOSITION THEOREM# We are trying to study a linear operator < T > on the finite-dimensional space < V >, by decomposing < T > into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary.
Wolpe's experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area.
a mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding.
although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present, different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety, respectively, as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines, the state of the muscle tone, and the Mecholyl test.
although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems, as a first approximation, it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances, in experimental and clinical neurosis, and as the result of psychopharmacological agents.
an important observation of Pavlov served as a guide post to achieve such a reversibility by physiological means.
appropriate experiments showed that this is, indeed, possible.
being a strictly physiological procedure, one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself.
but then it is immediate that **f, i&e&, that |a is in the range of **f.
conversely, suppose that |a is in the null space of **f.
even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually, it failed to evoke any signs of pain.
first, < T > may not have a single characteristic value;
for each < i >, let **f.
for the interpretation of these significant investigations, it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions.
furthermore, a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety.
he showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed, therefore, that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible.
he then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses.
he took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established.
if ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for < T > decomposes **f where **f are distinct elements of < F >, then we shall show that the space < V > is the direct sum of the null spaces of **f.
if **f, then **f is divisible by **f and so **f, i&e&, **f.
if the direct-sum decomposition ( a ) is valid, how can we get hold of the projections **f associated with the decomposition?
if we try to study < T > using characteristic values, we are confronted with two problems.
in a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain.
in view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances, it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes.
it is clear that each vector in the range of **f is in **f for if |a is in the range of **f, then **f and so **f because **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial < p >.
let **f be the null space of **f.
let **f.
note also that if **f, then **f is divisible by the polynomial < p >, because **f contains each **f as a factor.
on the other hand, the null space of **f and the null space of **f together span < V >, the former being the subspace spanned by **f and the latter the subspace spanned by **f and **f.
one sees that this happens because the null space of **f has dimension 1 only.
second, even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over < F > into a product of polynomials of degree 1, there may not be enough characteristic vectors for < T > to span the space < V >;
since **f and < p > divides **f for **f, we have **f.
since **f are distinct prime polynomials, the polynomials **f are relatively prime ( Theorem 8, Chapter 4 ).
since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation, Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding.
the characteristic polynomial for < A > is **f and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for < A > ( or for < T > ).
the diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which **f for each < i >.
the feeding-pain antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the tropho- and ergotropic systems.
the pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ).
the projection **f will be the identity on **f and zero on the other **f.
the psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in, or based on, this marked difference.
the reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1, and even more particularly, to think of the proof of Theorem 10, a special case of this theorem.
the second situation is illustrated by the operator < T > on **f ( < F > any field ) represented in the standard basis by **f.
the theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described, since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial, whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree.
then > ( a ) **f ( b ) < each **f is invariant under > T ( c ) < if **f is the operator induced on **f by > T, < then the minimal polynomial for **f is **f.
this is clearly a deficiency in < T >.
this is really a deficiency in the scalar field, namely, that it is not algebraically closed.
this phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses.
this will be more or less our general method for the second problem.
thus < T > is not diagonalizable.
thus the **f are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space < V >.
thus there are polynomials **f such that **f.
we can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of < T > in certain special cases, i&e&, when the minimal polynomial for < T > factors over the scalar field < F > into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1.
we pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to psychosomatic disorders and neurotic symptoms, particularly in certain types of personality, but it is also known that the reliving of a strong emotion (" abreaction" ) may cure a battle neurosis.
we shall find a polynomial **f such that **f is the identity on **f and is zero on the other **f, and so that **f, etc&.
we shall show that the polynomials **f behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof.
we stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge.
we wish to show that the range of **f is exactly the subspace **f.
what can we do with the general < T >?
" success" and" failure" are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general.
#7-1.
0 time?
1 time?
ALL TRIALS HAVE IDENTICAL PROBABILITIES OF SUCCESS._ Each die has probability **f of producing an ace;
BINOMIAL TRIALS._ Each of the < n > trials is either a success or a failure.
EXAMPLES OF BINOMIAL EXPERIMENTS# Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials, each with < two > possible outcomes.
STUDENT FOOTBALL MANAGERS._ Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team, and of these managers a proportion < p > are licensed drivers.
THERE MUST BE A FIXED NUMBER N OF REPEATED TRIALS._ For the marksman, we study sets of five shots ( **f );
_1.
_2.
_3.
_ACES ( ONES ) WITH THREE DICE._ When three dice are tossed repeatedly, what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1, or 2, or 3 )?
_DISCUSSION._ Note that there are 3 trials of interest.
_EXAMPLE 1.
_EXPERIMENT WITHOUT A FIXED NUMBER OF TRIALS._ Toss a die until an ace appears.
_EXPERIMENT WITHOUT THE TWO-CLASS PROPERTY._ We classify mice as" straight-haired" or" wavy-haired", but a hairless mouse appears.
_GENERAL BINOMIAL PROBLEM._ More generally, suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials, that each trial results in either a" success" or a" non-success" (" failure" ), and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial.
_INHERITANCE IN MICE._ In litters of eight mice from similar parents, the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8.
_MARKSMANSHIP EXAMPLE._ A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target, all under practically the same conditions, may hit the bull' s-eye from 0 to 5 times.
accordingly, the ' functions ' **f span the space of solutions of **f.
and for the aces, we toss three dice ( **f ).
before deriving this formula, we explain what we mean by" problems of this kind".
below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties.
considering only these Fridays, what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times?
each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck.
each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random.
exactly 2 times?
experiments are often composed of several identical trials, and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated.
for an experiment to qualify as a < binomial experiment >, it must have four properties: ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials, ( 2 ) each trial must result in a" success" or a" failure" ( a binomial trial ), ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success, ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other.
for the mice, we restrict attention to litters of eight ( **f );
fortunately, a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind.
further, an experiment might consist of five rounds, and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment.
here the number of trials is a random variable, not a fixed number.
if three dice are tossed, a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials.
in Chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples, usually by counting points in a sample space.
in general, any outcome we choose may be labeled" success".
in repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull' s-eyes vary.
in the examples above, the occurrence of a bull' s-eye, a straight-haired mouse, or an ace could be called a" success".
in the marksmanship example, a trial consists of" one round shot at a target" with outcome either one bull' s-eye ( success ) or none ( failure ).
it is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull' s-eye a success, but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse.
mathematically, we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times.
on three Fridays the coach has needed a driver.
or, what amounts to the same thing, if one die is tossed three times, each toss is a trial, and the three tosses form the experiment.
since **f are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros, these < r > functions **f, form a basis for the space of solutions.
since the choice is by lot each week, the outcomes of different trials are independent.
sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial, we group these outcomes into two classes, as in the example of the die, where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes" ace" and" not-ace".
the 2 possible outcomes on each trial are" driver" or" nondriver".
the binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a < binomial > experiment to another.
the language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter.
the major question in this chapter is: what is the probability of exactly < x > successes in < n > trials?
the managers stay the same, so that **f is the same for all weeks.
the marksman has some probability < p >, perhaps 0.1, of making a bull' s-eye.
the word" binomial" means" of two names" or" of two terms", and both usages apply in our work: the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial, and the second to the terms < p > and **f that represent the probabilities of" success" and" failure".
these examples are illustrative of the use of the words" trial" and" experiment" as they are used in this chapter, but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly.
these words are more expressive than labels like" < A >" and" not- < A >".
thus < f > satisfies **f if and only if < f > has the form **f.
we also give, for each property, an example where the property is absent.
we begin with a few examples of binomial experiments.
we can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial, but such a solution is not always satisfactory.
we devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena, but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models.
we now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
what can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull' s-eyes?
what probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes?
#DEFINITION.# The number of ordinary values of the function < f(t ) > at < t > will be called its multiplicity at < t >.
#LEMMA 1.# < In some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph, the function f is a single-valued, continuous function >.
#LEMMA 2.# < In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane, say **f, the function **f is either double-valued or has no values defined, except at the tangent point itself, where it is single-valued >.
#LEMMA 3.# < The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval [ 0, < T > ].
( b ) **f moves away from < C > and does not intersect it at all for **f;
( c ) **f cuts across < C > and there are two ordinary intersections for every < t > in **f.
_PROOF._ A tangent point < Q > in the < C > -plane occurs when < C > and **f are tangent to one another.
_PROOF._ We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood.
_PROOF_ We suppose not.
a continuous change in < t > through an amount < e > results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve **f.
again, the analyticity of the two curves guarantee that such intervals exist.
an < ordinary > point will be any point of intersection < A > such that in every neighborhood of < A > in the < C > -plane, **f meets both the interior and the exterior of < C >.
any other point of intersection between < C > and **f will be called a < tangent > point.
but **f is just the curve **f translated without rotation through a small arc, for **f is always obtained by rotating < C > through exactly 90'.
each point on < C >, as a vertex, may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction.
each point with abscissa < t > on the graph represents an intersection between < C > and **f.
first, for any value of < t > for which all values of < f(t ) > are ordinary points the number of values of < f(t ) > must be odd.
for it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of < C > and **f must be even ( otherwise, starting in the interior of < C >, **f could not finally return to the interior ), and the center of rotation at < t > is the argument of the function, not a value.
for the vertex at **f, these values will be denoted by **f.
further, we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of < f > can only change at a tangent point, and at such a point can only change by an even integer.
furthermore, one can find a neighborhood of < Q > in which the difference function is monotone, for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval.
if the vertex is at **f, and if the interior of < C > is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing < t >, then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating < C > clockwise through 90' about the vertex.
in a neighborhood of < Q > the difference between these functions is also a single-valued, analytic function of < u >.
in the < C > -plane we construct a set of rectangular Cartesian coordinates < u >, < v > with the origin at < Q > and such that both < C > and **f have finite slope at < Q >.
in the < f > -plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are **f.
in the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the < f > -plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side, and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side.
in the second category the function **f has no values defined in a neighborhood **f.
in the third category the function is double-valued in this interval.
it is also seen that **f, since the change from **f to **f is accomplished by a continuous translation.
near < Q >, both curves can be represented by analytic functions of < u >.
now **f and **f must both be tangent points on the < n > th component in the < f > -plane;
now, to find **f, one needs the intersection of < C > and **f near < Q >.
otherwise by Lemma 1 the component would extend beyond these points.
otherwise, being analytic, they would coincide at all points, which is impossible since they do not coincide near **f.
suppose **f is defined in the sub-interval **f.
the arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve.
the fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1, namely, that near any tangent point in the < C > -plane the curves < C > and **f are analytic, and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point.
the first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the < f > -plane, the end points of which fall into category ( b ) or ( c ).
the function < f(t ) > defined in this way is multi-valued.
the graph, as a set, may have a finite number of components.
the same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of **f.
the set of intersections of **f, the rotated curve, with the original curve < C > consists of just the set of forward corner points on < C > corresponding to the vertex at **f, plus the vertex itself.
then every component of the graph of < f > must be defined over a bounded sub-interval.
there are three possibilities: ( a ) **f remains tangent to < C > as it is translated;
there are two types of such intersections, depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of intersection.
therefore, **f is single-valued near < Q >.
therefore, for any value of < t > the number of values of < f(t ) > is equal to the ( finite ) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument < t > plus an odd number.
this prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points.
this set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals.
this terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the < f > -plane.
thus **f is also continuous at **f, and in a neighborhood of **f which does not contain a tangent point.
thus if < e > is sufficiently small, there can be only one intersection of < C > and **f near < Q >, for if there were more than one intersection for every < e > then the difference between < C > and **f near < Q > would not be a monotone function.
thus the multiplicity of **f for a given < t > must be an even number.
to each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point, i&e&, the corner on < C > reached first by proceeding along < C > from the vertex in the direction of increasing < t >.
we can now prove several lemmas.
we consider now the graph of the function < f(t ) > on **f.
we know that in the < C > -plane both < C > and **f are analytic.
we note that two such curves < C > and **f, cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points;
we turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph.
we will denote the values of < f(t ) > on different components by **f.
we will refer to the plane of < C > and **f as the < C > -plane and to the plane of the graph as the < f > -plane.
with each vertex we associate certain numerical values, namely the set of positive differences in the parameter < t > between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points.
with the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of < f >.
with the vertex at **f in the < C > -plane we assume that **f is the parametric location on < C > of an ordinary intersection < Q > between < C > and **f.
#TRANSITIONAL SOCIETIES# When we look at countries like Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, and Burma, where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital, and where institutions of centralized government exist, we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy.
American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies.
above all, we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates.
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice, self-discipline, and competence.
as a nation, we feel an obligation to assist other countries in their development;
as an isolated policy, land reform is likely to be politically disruptive;
as part of a larger development effort, however, it may gain wide acceptance.
as the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum, their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces, the gaps between rulers and subjects, town and country, will widen;
at the same time, we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts.
but if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of \g can intersect, then the regulus must be quadratic, or in other words, \g must be either a **f or a **f curve on a nonsingular quadric surface.
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community.
continuing with the case in which \g is a **f curve on a quadric < Q >, we first observe that the second regulus of < Q > consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of \g and the planes through any one of the multiple secants.
efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development.
feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated- in some of the new nations, indeed, they must be built for the first time- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past.
for each of these lines meets < Q > in three points, namely two points on \g and one point on one of the multiple secants.
for example, in accordance with the fashion of the times, most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years;
for if such were the case, either the plane of the two lines would meet \g in more than < k > points or, alternatively, the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high.
from the preceding remarks, it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an involutorial fashion.
hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de Jonquieres involution of order **f and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either **f or **f.
however, if there is no additional complex of singular lines, the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely **f.
if modernization programs are imposed from above, without the understanding and cooperation of the people, they will encounter grave difficulties.
if |a is the multiple secant of \g which passes through **f and |b is the simple secant of \g which passes through **f, and if **f are the points in which |a meets \g, and if **f is the image of **f on the generator |b, it follows that the image of the line **f is **f.
in each case, lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant.
in the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex, < P >, to the intersection of \g and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant.
in the second, the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex, < P >, to the two intersections of \g and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant.
in these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals.
isolated enterprises have been launched, but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern.
it may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home.
it should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone.
it should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society.
land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries.
land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture.
moreover, if **f, no two of the multiple secants can intersect.
moreover, in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order **f, namely the cone of secants of \g which pass through < P >.
most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective.
national leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity.
nevertheless, with foresight and careful planning, some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped.
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence;
now consider an arbitrary line, < l >, meeting < Q > in two points, **f and **f.
observations similar to these can be made at each point of \g. hence \g must have either a regulus of **f-fold secants or a regulus of **f-fold secants.
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction.
only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance.
our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face.
our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments.
progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources, human and material, can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted.
simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields, showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education, how health affects labor productivity, how small business can benefit the rural farm community, and, above all, how progress in each field relates to national progress.
such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement.
the United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible.
the civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them;
the colonial period has generally left people believing that government can, if it wishes, provide all manner of services for them- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life.
the first possibility requires that there be a line through < P > which meets \g in **f points;
the men in power are committed in principle to modernization, but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically.
the multiple secants, of course, are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order **f.
the second requires that there be a line through < P > which meets \g in **f points.
the society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector, with very poor communications between the two.
these societies can expect to face difficult times.
this contradicts the preceding observations, and so, under the assumption of this paper we must reject the possibility that \g is a **f curve on a quadric surface.
to achieve this goal of balanced development, communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account.
we now observe that the case in which \g is a **f curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet \g. for any pencil in a plane containing a **f-fold secant of \g has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in **f lines, namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of \g and the multiple secant, plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil.
we should do what we can to discourage this conclusion, both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene.
we should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities, state and provincial governments, rural communities, and other smaller groups, making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected.
we should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm.
when necessary, we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development.
with respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions, we can afford to wait, for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see.
Durkheim noted long ago that religion as" **h a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things **h unite[s ] into one single moral community **h all those who adhere to them".
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered, in the frequent religious allusions, and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds.
as he points out, a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo, and the more extensive the credo, the more unified and strong is the group.
at the same time that religion binds the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment, it also has great therapeutic value for him.
closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society, which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends.
even in the united states, with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation, there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values.
even the non-church members- the freewheelers, marginal religionists and so on- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them.
finally, it gives meaning to much social endeavor, and logic, consistency, and meaning to life.
finally, it gives sanctity, more than human legitimacy, and even, through super-empirical reference, transcendent and supernatural importance to some values;
for example Americans rally to Christian values vis-a-vis those of atheistic communism.
for example, a plan that fulfills the will of God, which advances the Kingdom of God, which involves social life as part of the Grand Design.
for example, marriage as a sacrament, much law-breaking as sinful, occasionally the state as a divine instrument.
for example, those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends.
furthermore, religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of God to the intermediary and subordinate values;
he has endless being.
he has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie.
he is confronted with the recurrent crises, such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life- marriage, incurable disease, widowhood, old age, the certainty of death.
his religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern, and his religious faith makes possible fortitude, equanimity, and consolation, enabling him to endure colossal misfortune, fear, frustration, uncertainty, suffering, evil, and danger.
his view is that every religion pertains to a community, and, conversely, every community is in one aspect a religious unit.
in America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion.
in addition to the functions of religion within man, there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society.
in general, there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends.
in providing for these inner individual functions, religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution.
it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality, sociality, and creativeness.
it enables members of the society to operate as a system.
it gives him aid, comfort, even solace, in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate.
it gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action.
it places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.
life leads somewhere.
religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit.
religion at its best is out in front, ever beckoning and leading on, and, as Lippman put it," mobilizing all man 's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance".
religion can summate, epitomize, relate, and conserve all the highest ideals and values- ethical, aesthetic, and religious- of man formed in his culture.
religion fosters group life in various ways.
religion integrates and unifies.
religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation.
religion usually also includes a principle of compensation, mainly in a promised perfect future state.
some of the oldest, most persistent, and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion.
the Jews for 2500 years have been a prime example, though the adherents of any world or interpeople religion are cases in point.
the belief in immortality, where held, functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now.
the beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds, dogmas, and doctrines, and form what Durkheim calls a credo.
the codes are mechanism for training in, and directing and enforcing, uniform social interaction, and for continually and publicly reasserting the solidarity of the group.
the common codes, for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior, bind the devotees together.
the common ultimate values, ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor.
the credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them completely to an identical body of doctrine;
the feeling of individual inferiority, defeat, or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly, but all-victorious Father-God, as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith, and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies.
the kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides, clarifies, and relates human yearnings, values, ideals, and purposes;
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine, the firmer the group.
the religion supports, re-enforces, reaffirms, and maintains the fundamental values.
the religion, in fact, is an expression of the unity of the group, small or large.
the religious symbolism, and especially the closely related rites and worship forms, constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith.
the tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession, repentance, and penance.
the two have never been separable.
the unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units, with religion as the dominant bond, even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized.
the value-system of a community or society is always correlated with, and to a degree dependent upon, a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions.
there is also the possibility, among higher religions, of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness.
these are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized, standardized, and ordered religiously sanctified behavior.
these groups have varied widely from mere families, primitive, totemic groups, and small modern cults and sects, to the memberships of great denominations, and great, widely dispersed world religions.
this explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy.
this is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States;
this is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere;
this something leads to a conception of an over-all Social Plan with a meaning interpretable in terms of ultimate ends;
under the religious impulse, whether theistic or humanistic, men have joy in living;
where such a value system prevails, it always unifies all who possess it;
without a system of values there can be no society.
" the standing or rank of an actor in a given social system is determined by the evaluation placed upon the actor and his acts in accordance with the norms and standards of the system".
#SUBSYSTEMS# The comprehensive or master processes activate all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems.
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process.
Woodward, for example, has emphasized the" need for a broad spectrum of services, including very brief services in connection with critical situations".
_2._ Roles of various types, within the larger system and within the subgroups **h _3._ Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles.
_4._ Cultural values.
_ACHIEVING:_ Maintenance of the < status quo > might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today.
_NORMS:_ The norms, as elements, refer to" all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system".
_POWER:_ There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power, primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power, has been exerted on actors in the system, particularly in regard to mate selection.
_RANKING:_ Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population.
_SANCTIONS:_ The negative sanctions applied to core-Negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms.
_SENTIMENT:_ Tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling.
_STATUS-ROLES:_ The element of status-roles and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of conjectures about them.
a cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship.
according to a number of studies, the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person.
additionally, the proscription of core-Negro marriages for core families, discussed above, would seem to act as a regulative norm governing subgroups and roles.
again, size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls.
and core-Negro marriages are proscribed for core members".
as Loomis remarks," In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking, friendship, and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations".
core-marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions;
despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages, the population has been able to sustain, at least to some degree, the consciousness of its intermediate status in society.
each family line can be considered a substructure.
especially noteworthy is Levinger 's finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome.
for example, child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships.
for example, the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project.
from the evidence" it may be conjectured that core-core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females;
further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures, crisis problems, reaction mechanisms, and differential treatment approaches- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners.
however, because of Church laws, lately more stringently enforced, which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously, a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions.
however, it cannot be presumed, informal though the structure of the population seems, that there are not well-defined roles within the system.
ideally, brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance.
in some programs, treatment is concentrated over a short period of time, while in others, after the initial contact is established, flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success.
in the study of marriage patterns for this group, consanguinity produces the structural system- a system of affinities- which, in turn, maintains the system of consanguinity.
increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies, especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services, holds rich promise for the future.
it would seem necessary that members of this population provide support for one another since it is not provided by the larger society.
moreover, the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available- and on a more effective basis to more people.
my aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to" wild therapy" but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already possess, and to use them with greater confidence, precision, and professional pride.
of startling significance, too, is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services.
one of the devices for tension management is preferential mating.
our literature is already replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally utopian.
prior to World War 2, there was a higher percentage of endogamous marriages than after World war 2,.
probably, in the immediate future, we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models.
similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship, quick appraisal of key issues, and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego 's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses.
subgroups of various types have been found within this system.
that we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature.
the adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree, and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves, becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society.
the elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population.
the large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions.
the newlyweds building homes on the same land with either set of parents, and the almost exclusive use of members of the population as sponsors for baptisms and weddings illustrate this supportive relationship.
the preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study.
the present study relates to the theory of functional systems.
the process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements.
the relative geographical isolation of the Brandywine population makes for a limited choice in mating.
the scope of this study does not provide for the study of roles of various types within the larger system or within the subgroups.
the structural subsystem, consisting of relatively stable inter-relationships among its parts, includes: _1._ Subgroups of various types, interconnected by relational norms.
the supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation.
there seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group.
these reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people.
this would seem to vary from family to family, depending somewhat on the core or marginal" status" of that family.
though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary- or perhaps, in some instances, primary- level, the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings.
to some extent the system can be considered a < Gemeinschaft > in which" social-role occupancies are determined by birth, by attributes such as sex or caste, which are biologically or socially immutable".
while there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention, the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an < immediate > response to the client's initial need for help.
willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening, the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts.
within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems.
yet, the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war.
( b ) residents, absent;
L' Institut pour la Recherche Scientifique en Afrique Centrale ( IRSAC ) has sponsored well-designed field investigations and has cooperated closely with the government of Ruanda-Urundi in the development of its official statistics.
_(2 ) NATURE OF THE SAMPLE:_ Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory, so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits.
_(3 ) SIZE OF THE SAMPLE:_ Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions.
_(4 ) QUESTIONS AND DEFINITIONS:_ Uniform questions, definitions, and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country.
a Bureau de la Demographie ( A& Romaniuk, Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo, to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General.
a massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by J& J& Maquet, former Director of the Social Science branch of IRSAC, now a professor at l' Universite Officielle du Congo Belge et du Ruanda-Urundi.
a member of the IRSAC staff ( E& van de Walle ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory.
a number of strong independent agencies, established in some cases with governmental or royal support, have conducted large medical, social, educational and research operations in particular parts of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi.
about 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation, as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries.
and ( c ) visitors.
averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population.
before considering more recent activities, we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa.
but it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed, poor and largely illiterate population.
but the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading.
but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the < de jure > population ( or, in some districts, only the < de facto > population ).
data were obtained, separately, on three classes of persons: ( a ) residents, present;
each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand.
each year from 1941 on, its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and, as its primary objective, the incidence of major diseases.
eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office. the 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V& Neesen, a member of the IRSAC staff, though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO, which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory.
finally, the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions.
here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods.
higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas.
however, the differences in procedure are fundamental.
however, the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics.
in addition, demographic inquiries, supposedly involving field investigations, were conducted in selected minor divisions ( < circonscriptions > ) containing about 3 percent of the total population.
in short, scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling.
in spite of the defects in this system, the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity.
in the reports, summary results are given for both the < de facto > ( a and c ) and < de jure > ( a and b ) populations;
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951.
its findings are reported each year in its < Rapport sur l' activite pendant annee > **h ( Bruxelles ).
numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year.
other independent, or partially independent agencies, have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to demography.
personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments, inoculations, periods of employment, and changes of residence are recorded.
sample units ( villages in rural areas, houses in cities ) were drawn systematically within these strata.
similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females.
so the results are subject to considerable confusion.
some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items ( collected by sub-chiefs in 1,100 circumscriptions ) have been tabulated.
somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas.
statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs.
the AIMO organizations of both countries, which maintain administrative services throughout the territories, retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information.
the areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials, supposedly as representative of a larger population.
the cards of permanent out-migrants are, in theory, sent to an office in the place of new residence.
the distinction between domiciled ( < de jure > ) and present ( < de facto > ) population was not clearly defined.
the initiation of sampling censuses in Ruanda-Urundi ( 1952 ) and in the Congo ( 1955-57 ) were major advances.
the population registration system still has important functions.
the populations of the various districts, or other major divisions, were stratified by type of community ( rural, urban, mixed ) and, where appropriate, by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy.
the radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements.
the registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons.
the results are now being analyzed.
the results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts, including birth and death rates, general fertility rates, distributions by marital status, fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households, infant mortality, and migration.
the same system, with minor modifications, was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration.
the sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies.
the scheme, in theory, is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life.
the system tended to break down during the war, but was reactivated;
the system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers.
the term < enquetes demographiques >, previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses, was used for the new investigations.
the work of Fonds Reine Elisabeth pour l' Assistance Medicale aux Indigenes du Congo Belge ( FOREAMI ) has special interest with respect to demography.
these are as follows: _(1 ) FIELD WORK PROCEDURES:_ Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators ( three teams, each working in two provinces ).
these changes represent in effect, a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population.
these studies vary widely in scope and precision.
these teams carried out the same operations successively in different areas.
this agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville.
we will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other.
#DISCUSSION# _INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES_ Individual differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to controlled Kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study.
Guilford-Martin GAMIN;
Guilford-Martin OAGCo ), were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects.
_GUILFORD-MARTIN PERSONALITY INVENTORIES._ The three personality inventories ( Guilford STDCR;
a t test on these two groups, shifters vs& nonshifters, gave a" t" value of 2.405 which is significant on the two-tail test at the .028 level.
all of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions 3, or 4,.
also, although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning, most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class.
as an example of this last facet, there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement.
both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely enlightening.
but just when was an unknown, and of course the longer it did not happen, the stronger her wish and belief that it might not.
but the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes" So we are married- now how do we make the best of it"?
films were used, as with all sections, but with one big difference.
for example, the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched.
from a few students this group gradually increased to include over three-fourths of those officially enrolled in the class, and many outsiders as well.
from here they proceeded to 3 ) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages, developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other.
he felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm, as a criterion, is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think.
in addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles, there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read.
in fact, they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown.
in fact, we had one birth before the end of the course, and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early, just to be on the safe side.
in short, it was centered around learning how to develop a < more sensitive empathy >.
in the main, this course took the following directional high roads: 1 ) A great deal of time was spent on < processes > for solving marital differences.
in the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in" mixed" marital status sections.
it was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal, concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure" looked like" as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances.
it was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the" Inferiority" factor.
mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the survivor afterward, but the possible death of one's own spouse was not overlooked.
never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy.
nevertheless, the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings.
not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to 2 ) Specific adjustment areas, such as sex, in-laws, religion, finance, and so on.
on the other hand, the women class members appeared to reach a far greater understanding than have women members in other sections that it is more natural for males as a group to view sex as sex rather than always associating it with love as most women seem to do.
one prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not.
only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely nai^ve concerning the phenomenon.
only Co differentiated between the two groups at less that the 5% level ( **f ).
or" How do we < enrich > our already fine marriage"?
our campus, unfortunately, owns no films.
perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent.
quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home.
responses such as" rope with a loop in it", and" two pieces of rope", were quite characteristic.
since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis.
since the course, one member has lost her husband.
since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision- after, of course, pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an unwise one.
since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment, nor, as a matter of fact, in those who were continuing in" single sections", he can only conclude that there must have been something" contagious" within the specific group which caused this to occur.
since they are all either rented or borrowed, the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance.
some predictions had been made concerning factors R, N, I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity.
supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections, the major difference being that there was a noticeably < deeper level > in the reported outside reading by the married group.
the nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably" secure" nonreactors and" secure" reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies.
the writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be.
the writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion, especially of this one area, than ever before.
the writer, being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students, did insist on there being included some" hind sight" material.
there was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented, from a childless couple to and including every trimester.
there was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester.
there were 49% ( 20 subjects ) who did not give a positive reaction even after they were informed of the normalcy of such a reaction and had been given a demonstration.
these students, although they might read various articles in popular magazines, more often chose to report on articles found in the journals.
these were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them.
these were the same subjects who were given the Rorschach test.
they began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class.
this added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
this was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing- it was previously known to her that it might happen.
this was not a search for a" magic formula", but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage.
this was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again.
this was true mostly of those Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not perceive the ambiguous figure as people in action.
though it did not become known to the writer for some time, a nucleus group had sprung up within the class.
thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief" structuring" experience.
thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ), were often out of context.
whereas a high per cent of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction, the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest.
#RESULTS# _TEST OF INTERACTION OF COMPULSIVITY AND TEACHING METHODS_ Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable.
_CONTROL OF SOCIOECONOMIC STATUS_ It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated: the degree of structure in teaching method.
_CRITERION MEASUREMENT_ In the primary grades, reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress, and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years.
_MEASUREMENT OF ANXIETY_ Castaneda, < et al > & revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children.
_RATING SCALE OF COMPULSIVITY_ An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared, and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home.
_RELATIONSHIP OF ANXIETY TO COMPULSIVITY_ The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity.
_SUBJECTS_ Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement.
a child with an I&Q& of 98 would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 3.5.
administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools.
all of these sub-tests involve reading except Arithmetic Computation.
although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device, in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items.
an objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data.
but she cleans it up very well when I remind her".
children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations, or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals.
children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection.
eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases, 36 boys and 36 girls.
equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods.
figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically.
final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms.
first of all, as we had surmised, the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( **f ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools.
for example, on the basis of the regression equation, a child with an I&Q& of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 ( grade equivalent ).
for instance, the following statement was rated low in compulsivity," She 's naturally quite neat about things, but it does n't bother her at all if her room gets messy.
for purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system.
if a child with an I&Q& of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement, his discrepancy score would be + .7, representing .7 of one year of over-achievement.
if such a child scored 3.0, his discrepancy score would be -.5, representing .5 of one year of under-achievement.
in establishing criterion measurements, it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself.
in order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status, we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods.
in theory, compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety, and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the obsessive-compulsive defenses are not sufficient to quell the amount of anxiety they suffer.
in this manner, the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled, allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables.
indeed their achievement scores were somewhat better on an absolute basis although the difference was not significant.
it can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools, the high compulsive children do better ( **f ).
it is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the I&Q&.
it was assumed that the sampling procedure was purely random with respect to the personality variables under investigation.
no significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school.
over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system.
reliability and validation work with the Children's Anxiety Scale by Castaneda, < et al > & demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale.
school principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas.
scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm.
the Stanford Achievement Test, Form J, was administered by classroom teachers, consisting of a battery of six sub-tests: paragraph Meaning, Word Meaning, Spelling, Language, Arithmetic Computation, and Arithmetic Reasoning.
the Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory, with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety.
the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker.
the battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study.
the criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement.
the final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores.
the hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported, in this case, at the .05 level.
the interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and, as much as possible, to record the parents' actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations.
the issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later.
the low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters.
the parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others, irrational conformity to rules, orderliness, punctuality, and need for certainty.
the predicted interaction effect should, if potent, extend its influence over all academic achievement.
the rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records, categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity, then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records.
the relationship of intelligence test scores to school achievement is a well-established fact ( in this case, **f );
the structured schools were in an industrial city, with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas, but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes.
the subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution, one-third as underachievers, one-third medium, and one-third over-achievers.
the two ratings yield a correlation of + .04, which is not significantly different from zero;
the unstructured schools were in a large suburban community, predominantly middle- to upper-middle class, but fringed by an industrial area.
there is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees.
therefore, in the investigation of the present hypothesis, it was necessary to control this factor.
therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.
therefore, we have measured two different characteristics.
twenty-four classrooms in twelve unstructured schools furnished 156 cases, 87 boys and 69 girls.
we speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting, but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment.
while the interpretations that have been given are inferences only, they gain support from such comments as the following, which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not, on the first trial, perceive the tilt illusion.
while we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured, we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the whole-word method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives.
#CHAPTER 10, SPONTANEITY TRAINING# THE OBJECTIVE OF THIS CHAPTER is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts.
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother, in their distant home-city.
_SUMMARY_ In life we learn to play our roles and we" freeze" into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do.
after every session, the check marks were totaled up and graphed, and in this way the supervisor's progress was charted.
after the diagnosing, he left the course, convinced that it could do him no good.
and" cannot say" if they were not certain.
another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis, and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis.
at first I did not know what she meant;
at the insistence of his own supervisor- the president of the firm, he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders.
despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer, he seemed to be a very poor administrator, although no one quite knew what was wrong with him.
eighteen errors were located, and then the director asked each individual to vote whether or not they felt that this manager had made the particular errors.
entirely concerned with efficiency, he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes, condemning them to too great an extent.
eventually such incidents became more sporadic, and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior, and in one particular session, after several minutes of such behavior- which, as usual, went on without any accompanying words from her- she asked, eagerly," Did you see Granny"?
he admitted his behavior, and defended it.
he did not really listen to others, had little interest in their ideas, and wanted to have his own way- which was the only right way.
he played a number of typical situations before observers, other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong.
he refused to change his approach, and instead he attacked high and low- the officials for their not backing him, and subordinates for their laxness, stupidity, and stubbornness.
he seemed to antagonize everyone.
he was criticized for his curtness and abruptness- and he answered:" I am not working to become popular".
he was told he displayed, for example, a sense of superiority- and he answered:" well, I am supposed to know all the answers, are n't I"?
how this was accomplished may be described, since this sometimes is a crucial problem.
however, in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways.
in a course for supermarket operators, a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager, found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time.
in addition, the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed.
in any case, he refused to accept the implications of the analysis, that he needed to be made over.
in short, as frequently happens in analyses, the individual feels threatened and defends himself.
it is not easy for the therapist to discern when, in the patient's communicating, an introject has appeared and is holding sway.
no comments were made during the voting.
observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior, and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion.
on being criticized for his arbitrary behavior- he answered:" I have to make decisions.
on playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory.
one by one, these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors.
one hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of pseudo-emotion, during which, despite her wracking sobs and streaming cheeks, I felt only a cold annoyance with her.
one learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone- to his voice 's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one, a quality which sounds somehow artificial or, in some instances, parrotlike.
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom, common to our culture, which he has evidently heard, over and over, from a parent until he experiences it as part of him.
or we may say that his attitude was commendable, showing his independence of mind, in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others.
roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training.
that's my job".
the content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition, as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove;
the director helped tailor-make a check list of the district manager's errors by asking various observers to write out sentences commenting on the mistakes they felt he made.
the engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life- and refused to change it.
the entire group of managers explained, in great detail, a number of human relations errors that he made.
the first eight of these eighteen statements, which received at least one-half of the votes, were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager, and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations, the members checked any items that appeared.
the goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying techniques in this unique training area.
the manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up, and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard.
the necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms.
the reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold: _1._ Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.
the results looked as follows: **f.
then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me, this time, what Granny was like;
these errors were then collected and written on a blackboard, condensing similar ideas.
they were asked to vote" true" if they thought they had seen him make the error," false" if they thought he had not;
this behavior is more" veridical"- or true than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation, and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning.
to accept the validity of the judgments of others is the second step.
to learn what we do is the first step for improvement.
to practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step.
to prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions, they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ), the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect, new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly, and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized.
to use these new ways in daily life is the last step.
to want to change is the third step.
turnover rates of personnel went up, production dropped, and morale was visibly reduced.
we can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves, and others can see us better than we see ourselves.
we may say that his attitude was foolish, since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills;
we may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment.
when an evaluative situation is set up, and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate, we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation.
while roleplaying for testing is not too well understood at the present time, it represents one of the major uses of this procedure.
( the address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage.
a description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence.
a location in the computer store is also named for each marked form;
a more detailed description of dictionary operations- text lookup and dictionary modification- give a clearer picture.
a random address **f that lies within the X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the i-th dictionary form.
a third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in **f;
a third situation is possible.
also, the dictionary is divided into at least two parts: the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms.
cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms.
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text.
each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the Y-cell that is the next element of the chain;
each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading.
each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the W-region.
each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list.
each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored.
each time a dictionary form matches a text form, the information cell of the matching text form is saved.
finally, information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process- the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination, equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis, and target-language equivalents for output construction.
for this step the computer memory is separated into three regions: cells in the W-region are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list;
hence, when the address **f is computed from **f, the cell **f and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether **f is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain.
if **f leads to an address **f that is equal to the address computed from **f, even though **f does not match **f, the chain of information cells is extended from **f by storing the address of the next available cell in the Y-region, **f, in **f.
if **f was assigned as the information cell for **f, the routine can detect that **f is identical to **f by comparing **f with the form stored at location **f.
if cell **f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list, it is now assigned as the information cell of **f.
if cell **f is an information cell, it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to **f each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored.
if cell **f is not an information cell we conclude that the i-th dictionary form is not in the text list.
if each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form, the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read.
let **f denote the form of **f.
let us assume that **f is identical to the form of an occurrence **f which preceded **f in the text.
only the assignment of the information cells is important.
similarly, as many cells are added as are required.
text lookup, as we will describe it, consists of three steps.
text reading continues with the next occurrence.
text reading continues with the next occurrence.
text reading continues with the next occurrence.
text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list.
the absence of such a link in the last cell indicates the end of the chain.
the address **f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in **f;
the address **f is stored in the cell **f.
the address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form.
the appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time.
the cell **f becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of **f.
the dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms.
the dictionary is a form dictionary, at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries.
the final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list, and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text.
the first is compiling a list of text forms, assigning an information cell to each, and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence.
the first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the input text.
the form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region, beginning in cell **f.
the formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form.
the grammatic descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file.
the grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis.
the information cell **f is saved to represent the text occurrence.
the list of text forms in the W-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the X and Y-regions are no longer required.
the number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved.
the order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe.
these two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage.
these two steps essentially complete the lookup operation.
this initiates the second step of glossary lookup- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms.
this selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read.
thus, when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region, a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms, one cell in the chain for each form.
when a match is found, an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage.
when an occurrence **f is isolated during text reading, a random memory address **f, the address of a cell in the X-region, is computed from the form of **f.
when entries are being retrieved from this file, the table of dictionary usage indicates which entries to skip and which entries to store in the computer.
when the information cell for **f has been determined, it is saved as a representation of **f.
when this situation exists, the address **f will equal **f which was produced from **f.
when, as in this case, the two forms match, the address **f is saved to represent the occurrence **f.
" I 'll come by Tuesday.
#SYLLABIFICATION.#- Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but, as has been noted, are consonantal under certain circumstances, and which may or may not be combined with preceding and following consonants or combinations of consonants.
< Mack 's the leader at camp, but Jack 's here >, with this < is > deprived of stress, makes < here > the complement in the clause.
> it has strong stress;
> the desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of < Chinese > and < Japanese >.
> the stress on < have >, which here represents < have finished reading the paper >, is quite strong.
I can n't be happy long without drinking water".
an advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems, including some of the more unusual types.
and patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means.
but if < drinking > is a gerundial noun modifying < water > and < without drinking water > is equivalent to < without water for drinking >, there will be stronger stress on < drinking > than on < water >.
but if a complement for < come > is implied and < by Tuesday > is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct, < by > will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most.
but the use of stress in comparison and contrast, for example, can undermine distinctions such as these.
but there is every reason to regard < deal > as a monosyllable, and because of the fact that l commonly has the quality of @ when it follows vowel sounds, < deal > seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with < real >.
but when < to > represents < to consciousness > in < that was the moment that I came to >, and similarly in < that was the moment I came to >, there is much stronger stress on < to >.
by contrast, even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the over-simple distinction between register and contour languages.
dominant stress on < pretty > would be almost insulting here.
doubt on this point is strongest before l and @ or r.
even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems, both in their general outlines and in many specific details.
from the point of view of word formation < real > might be expected to have two syllables.
here again, in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics, but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context.
historically < re > is the formative that is employed also in < republic >, and < al > is the common suffix.
if < work > is substituted for < things > ( with more exact contribution to meaning ), it will have dominant stress.
improvement, however, is urgent, and at least three things will be needed.
in < I knew you when you were a child, and you were pretty then > dominant stress on < then > implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty.
in < I know one thing > dominant stress is likely to go to < one > rather than to semantically pale < thing >.
in < I wanted to tell him, but I was afraid to > the final < to > is lightly stressed because it represents < to tell him >.
in < Mack 's the leader at camp, but Jack is here > the < is > of the second main declarative represents < is the leader > and therefore has stress.
in < he 's hurting himself more than he 's hurting you > both < himself > and < you > have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast.
in < hunger stimulates man too > the situation is very similar.
in < is she Chinese or Japanese?
in < of all the suggestions that were made, his was the silliest > the possessive < his > represents < his suggestion > and is stressed.
in < she has it in for George > dominant stress will ordinarily be on < in >, where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center.
in < the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives > only context can indicate whether < visiting relatives > is equivalent in meaning to < paying visits to relatives > or to < relatives who are visiting them >, and in < I looked up the number > and < I looked up the chimney > only the meanings of < number > and < chimney > make it clear that < up > is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second.
in < to tell him >, of course, < to > is normally unstressed.
in < we 're painting at our garage > strong stress on < at > indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting.
in the first of these sentences if < by > is the complement of < come > and < Tuesday > is an adjunct of time equivalent to < on Tuesday >, there will be strong stress on < by > in the spoken language;
in the second sentence if < drinking water > is a gerundial clause and < without drinking water > is roughly equivalent in meaning to < unless I drink water >, there will be stronger stress on < water > than on < drinking >;
in the written language < then > can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here, but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness, and a careless reader will have to back up and reread.
it is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written.
it is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels.
no single explanation is adequate to account for this.
often dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion.
omission of a subordinator pronoun, however, does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object.
other examples follow.
papers like these four, if widely read, will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work.
sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear.
sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship.
strong stress on < hunger > treats hunger as an additional stimulus, strong stress on < stimulates > treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger, strong stress on < man > treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger.
syllables are genuine units, but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties.
the first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses.
this limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely hampered work with tone.
thus < to > has light stress both in < that was the conclusion that I came to > and in < that was the conclusion I came to >.
thus in < Mary wrote an account of the trip first > strong stress on < Mary > marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip, strong stress on < wrote > marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary 's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches, for example ), and strong stress on < trip > makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts.
thus in < his friends are stranger than his sisters' > strong stresses are normal for < his > and < sisters' >, but in < his friends are stranger than his sisters > strong stresses are normal for < friends > and < sisters >.
thus in < it 's incredible what that boy can eat > dominant stress is likely to be on < incredible >, and < eat > will have strong stress also.
thus when < yes, I have > is the response to < have you finished reading the paper?
tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist.
when < I have instructions to leave > is equivalent in meaning to < I have instructions that I am to leave this place >, dominant stress is ordinarily on < leave >.
when < go > represents itself and a complement ( being equivalent, say, to < go to Martinique > ) in < which boat did Jack go on?
when < ity > is added, < real > clearly has two syllables.
when a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part, it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction.
when it represents only itself and < on which > is its complement ( so that < go on > is semantically equivalent to < board > ), < on > has stronger stress than < go > does.
when the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to < I have instructions which I am to leave >, dominant stress is ordinarily on < instructions >.
where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention.
#5.# If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot, it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans-lingually.
( 2 ) Nature ( 29 terms against 17 ), ratios 3.3 versus 4.1;
( 3 ) adjectives ( 16, 15 terms ), ratios 3.9 versus 4.7;
( 4 ) verbs ( 9, 22 terms ), ratios 4.0 versus 3.4.
( on deduction of one-eighth from 3.46, the stem rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages.
) these general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison.
**f;
2.6 and 2.7;
Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like < stomach-belly, big-large, long-far, many-much, die-dead, say-speak > ).
I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles.
I, one that was specifically adapted to the San Joaquin Valley.
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal;
Swadesh, and therefore Hoijer, felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( < fox, vulture, salmon, yellow pine, manzanita > );
a few of his examples are of very great interest, and the whole discussion of some importance for theory.
a& E& Sharp, in Vowel-Length and Syllabicity in Kikuyu, examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail.
and **f stems.
and somewhat similarly for plants, 16 as against 4.
as a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of Igbo.
as a result, many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion.
but it does not, as it claims, demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods.
but it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology.
five of the papers deal with grammatical problems.
for Athabascan, with a greater range of stems, the first two of five corresponding columns were identical, 1 and 2 stems;
for Yokuts, I tabulated these 71 items in five columns, according as they were expressed by 1, 2, 3, 4, and more than 4 stems.
he concludes that some changes can made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness, but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes.
his objective is merely to determine" what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography" ( 59 ).
his orthographic recommendations are no simplistic acceptance of phonemics on the one hand or of superficiality on the other.
in the process, he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult.
it does show one feature of the system that has not been previously described.
it exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms.
it seems to me that it rather easily can.
it will be seen that where the scope is similar, the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4:5 ) except for verbs, where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower.
linguists have not always been more enlightened than" practical people" and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance.
many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they purport to represent.
more word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question.
my comments must be briefer than the papers deserve.
on the whole they maintain much the same high standard, but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter.
one other paper deals with a phonologic problem: vowel Harmony in Igbo, by J& Carnochan.
or again because the Athabascan languages spread over a very much larger territory ( including three wholly separated areas );
or both.
or the exception may be due to a particular durability peculiar to the Athabascan verb.
other classes are included only by myself ( interrogatives, adverbs ) or only by Swadesh and Hoijer ( pronouns, demonstratives ).
rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness.
the differentiation however is not very much greater, as shown by the fact that Athabascan shows 3.46 stems per meaning slot as against 2.75 for Yokuts, with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample: 24 as against 21.
the greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used.
the groups are therefore really non-comparable in content as well as in size.
the paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach, particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement.
the result is that I included 70 animal names, but Swadesh only 4;
the three others had to be spread somewhat, and are headed respectively **f;
the totals for these five categories are not too uneven, namely 20, 15, 11, 16, 9 respectively.
the treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex, largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point.
their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( < fish, bird, tree, grass, horn, tail, bark, root > ).
there are more stems per item in Athabascan, which expresses the fact that the Athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in diverging from proto-Athabascan than the Yokuts languages from proto-Yokuts.
these differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself, within a compact and uniform territorial area, but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined.
this exception may be connected with Hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs: 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine.
this may be because the Athabascan divergence began earlier;
this must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A short Description of Item-Categories in Iraqw.
this restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies.
this, however, will not exhaust their practical usefulness, as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design.
to do so, he finds it necessary to examine the relevant parts of the phonology thoroughly and in detail.
w& H& Whiteley writes on The Verbal Radical in Iraqw.
we need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis.
what we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes: ( 1 ) body parts and products, which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253, 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios;
while the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary;
" < We were troubled about the fate of the Baltic States.
" you would drive us into shame", he declared.
#5.
#6.
Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland.
LIBERATED EUROPE# In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe, where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis, even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies.
POLAND# _FRONTIERS._ When the Yalta Conference opened, the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down.
Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta, Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him, that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies, while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced" the fact that, in Poland at least, genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia", by any definition of international friendliness.
Roosevelt acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue.
Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer," although it costs us blood", in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans.
Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia >".
[ italics added.
] this is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion, which applied to other areas than East Europe.
_GOVERNMENT._ Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government.
after" a prolonged study of the Oder line on a map", at Teheran, Churchill" liked the picture".
all" democratic and anti-Nazi parties" were to have the right to campaign.
also war-time propaganda and cooperation had" obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy", and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan.
any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence, and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements.
at Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave, trying to find work in Germany, and Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south, instead of the Eastern Neisse, both of which flow into the Oder.
at Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit, in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies.
believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions, it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them.
but at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe" to create democratic institutions of their own choice".
by this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran, where he and Eden had both heartily approved the idea.
from six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted, though most would have fled, and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories, including the great Pripet Marshes, which she lost to Russia.
he did not mind the Line itself, which Churchill declared in the House of Commons, on February 27, 1945, he had always believed to be" just and right", but he did not want it called by a hated name.
he made this completely clear.
he stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject.
he would tell the Poles, he said, that they had been" given a fine place to live in, more than three hundred miles each way".
however, there was no real question of the justice of creating a strong Poland, both industrially and agriculturally, and one unplagued by large minorities of Germans or Russians.
in any case" < where in their judgment conditions require >" [ italics added ] they would" form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people".
in doing so Marshall and Byrnes were" asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life".
in other words, the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a < cordon sanitaire > against the Soviets or posing as an independent, balancing power in between Russia and Germany.
in the Dunn-Atherton memorandum of February 4, 1942, the State Department had expected to be able to hold Russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries.
it is in Russia's interest that Poland should be strong and powerful, in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force **h.
it is necessary that Poland should be free, independent in power.
it was a matter of principle with Churchill, since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland.
later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy, which will be discussed later, and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions, as we understand them, within their zone of influence.
more time was spent in trying to marry these imcompatibles than over any subject discussed at Yalta.
now Stalin made it clear that he meant to move Poland's western borders deep into Germany, back to the western Neisse-Oder River lines, taking not only East Prussia and all of Silesia but Pomerania and the tip of Brandenburg, back to and including Stettin.
other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model.
speaking with" great earnestness", he said:" for the Russian people, the question of Poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security.
starting in great force late in December, from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest, the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder, thirty miles from Berlin, and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun, while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine.
the West had long since forgotten the events of 1919, but it was not so easy for the Red leaders, who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period.
the West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line, which was substantially Russia 's 1941 border, as the boundary between Russia and Poland.
the White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that Stalin and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau.
the application of these formulae could not please both sides, for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable.
the bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him.
the issue was acute because the exiled Polish Government in London, supported in the main by Britain, was still competing with the new Lublin Government formed behind the Red Army.
the issue was left in abeyance, presumably for the peace conference.
the long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage.
the moving of millions of the German master-race, from the very heart of Junkerdom, to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation, but there was little doubt that it was historically justified.
the result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be" reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad", and pledged to hold" free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot".
the same editorial continued that" We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions.
therefore, it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the Soviet state".
this illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in the < New York Herald Tribune >, on March 5, 1947, in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate.
this reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be.
though little democracy had ever been practised in this region, and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means, it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within it.
throughout history, Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia.
to Stalin it was a matter of life and death.
twice in the last thirty years our enemies, the Germans, have passed through this corridor.
we had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world.
when this proposal was made, Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference.
while obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it, we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe.
yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions.
_CURRENT PROGRAMS_ The present Federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the Smith-Hughes Act, which provided a continuing annual appropriation of $7 million to support, on a matching basis, state-administered programs of vocational education in agriculture, trades, industrial skills and home economics.
a goal was fixed, as given in Table 2, and attention focused on its fulfillment.
a recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations.
a second major point of this essay is to examine the formal arrangements for the elections.
although a somewhat technical subject, it has important political implications as the above discussion of the voting system indicated.
although the monarch had frequently asserted that the elections were to be without party significance, his action was an implicit admission that party identifications were a factor.
an important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools.
annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians.
apart from some areas of recurring trouble, like Bani Mellal, where inexperienced officials had been appointed, there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process.
as the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections.
both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification.
centrally, however, the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage.
courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs;
during World War 2, about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities: ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense, and ( 2 ) War Production Training.
employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without, and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training.
even the states remain primarily in an assisting role, providing leadership and teacher training.
federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure, and the state or local districts must pay at least half.
for a number of years Kentucky, Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties.
for the Smith-Hughes, George-Barden, and National Defense Act of 1958, the cumulative total of Federal expenditures in 42 years was only about $740 million.
furthermore, the problems and solutions devised in the electoral experiences of the rapidly changing countries are often of comparative value and essential to evaluating election results.
in Arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses.
in Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs, and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent.
in addition, many large corporations operate their own formal training programs.
in most states, trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools, usually located in the larger cities.
most skilled industrial workers, nevertheless, still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions.
national defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades.
no comparable measures are available of enrollments and expenditures for private vocational education training.
periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials.
since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this Federal program.
since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections, and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U&N&F&P& Voting preparations began in the fall of 1959, although the actual demarcation and planning for the rural communes was completed in 1958.
some vocational training schools provide such training, but the current need exceeds the facilities.
the < sine qua non > of the elections was naturally an impartial and standardized procedure.
the Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools.
the George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act.
the Health Amendment Act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training.
the Istiqlal found that the spontaneous solidarity of the independence struggle was not easily transposed to the more concrete, precise problems of internal politics.
the King decided to remove Ibrahim a week before elections and to institute a non-party Council of Government under his personal direction.
the National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained.
the P&D&I& and later the Popular Movement protected the Istiqlal's" privileged position" until the fall of Balafrej, and then the Istiqlal used the same argument, which it had previously ignored, against the pro-U&N&F&P& tendencies of the Ibrahim government.
the U&N&F&P& learned that its urban organization, which depends heavily on U&M&T& support, was most effective.
the bulk of the preparation had, of course, proceeded under the supervision of the Ministry of the Interior, whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics.
the chamber of Commerce elections were, of course, an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections.
the government was most anxious that there be a respectable response.
the greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds.
the initiative, administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts.
the latest major change in this program was introduced by the National Defense Education Act of 1958, Title 8, of which amended the George-Barden Act.
the new Council was itself inescapably of political meaning, which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any U&N&F&P& members and the presence of several Istiqlal leaders.
the overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place.
the police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens, criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities.
the qualifications to vote were kept very simple.
the registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible electors were made without the benefit of a reliable census.
the state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost, or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it.
the total cost of the five-year program was $297 million.
there are a great number and variety of private commercial schools, trade schools and technical schools.
there is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education.
there were liberal provisions for dispensation where documents or records were lacking.
there were three major administrative tasks: the fixing of electoral districts, the registration of voters and the registration of candidates.
these schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts.
throughout the history of the program, state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures, while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments.
today, Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education.
transportation may be provided from nearby school districts.
unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future.
vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers, but it provides the essential groundwork for developing skills.
voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January, 1960.
_THE QUEST FOR METHODS_ The search for forecasting formulae is ceaseless.
a stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchange.
according to the theory underlying odd-lot indices, the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader, one who can n't afford to trade round lots.
all these things and countless more enter into their calculations, and yet, the enchanting index remains non-forthcoming.
and along Chicago's West Jackson Boulevard, La Salle Street, and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports, who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs, and the number of hogs by the amount of corn.
and the converse at bottoms.
and the public minus the" public" leaves the so-called" sophisticated" element- the element on the other end of the" public's" transactions.
and while all concerned are members of the literal public, somewhat less than all concerned, although still a majority, form the quotation marked" public".
as the number of reported freight car loadings increased, this was taken to indicate increased industrial activity, and consequently increased stock earnings, implying fatter dividends, and implying therefore increased stock market prices.
but after all, can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true?
but the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly, with all manner of investors and speculators participating, ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator, all seeking doggedly, studiously, daily- and often nightly- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret: which way will the market move;
but whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain, they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index.
certain badly disillusioned market critics are often apt to feel that there is something somehow unfair, dirty, or even thoroughly criminal about this interplay of competitive forces.
correlations have been worked up between the loading of freight cars and the course of stock price.
does the" public" usually sell at bottoms, or does the market usually bottom out when the" public" sells?
even if we strip their respective claims to the barest minimum, the" odds" still favor them both, for the trend in effect is always more likely to continue than to reverse.
falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement, for this rank of traders can least afford to lose, virtually anything the odd-lot traders do, marketwise, is taken to exemplify the" wrong" thing to do.
figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers.
how much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few?
in the stock market, the normal trading package is a hundred shares, just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package.
is it really that the" public" buys at the tops, and not that the market tops out when the" public" buys?
it recalls to mind the quest of olden times for the fountain of youth, a quest heavily invested in, during the days of wooden ships.
just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index.
moreover, the taunt concerning the" sophisticated" echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign, and accrues only upon results;
much of this goes on in offices high up in Wall Street's lofty wind-swept towers.
needless to say, strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands, for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up, at higher prices, during the run-up phase of the campaign.
not before.
not, at any rate, in the fuller sense of the word.
obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy, and vice versa.
odd-lot index observers then make graphs of the data according to their particular statistical recipe.
of course, many more things are charted besides prices.
one might well wonder why the" public is always wrong" and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg.
or, to use the cynical phraseology of one odd-lot index enthusiast, they represent a sampling of the least sophisticated echelon of traders.
similarly, at the opposite end of the market cycle, towards the end of an intermediate or major decline, usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart, it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood.
strong hands act;
strong hands differ from" weak hands" in that their operations are the primary movers.
strong hands move first;
the data is now interpreted in conjunction with a price chart, usually of a popular stock average.
the foregoing have been methods of charting prices, but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted, and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities.
the markets are far too subtle, and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written, for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth.
the particular recipe is a matter of individual taste.
the quest offers careers.
the theory behind this is, of course, fundamentalist in character.
there sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume, monthly averages of price-earnings ratios, ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines, ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance, ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume, odd-lot indices, and what not.
they are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought.
they are concerned with all things traded in, securities, bonds, cocao, coffee, soybeans, cotton, tin, oats, etc&.
they initiate campaigns, so to speak, even if this initiation is diffused among them, and their concerted action only psychologically organized.
they might, for example, plot it exactly as is, or they might make ten day moving averages of it, or longer moving averages, or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales.
they plot the open interest curves, rainfall curves, and they even divide Democratic congressmen by Republican congressmen.
this element is often called" strong hands".
this results in a separate record being made, distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading.
this warns the chartist that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top.
thus, in the aggregate, the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms, notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions.
towards the end of an intermediate or major rise, while the top is forming on the price chart, it is frequently observed that the odd-lot buying increases sharply.
try to imagine a market in which only a minority of traders would lose, and the majority would make consistent profits.
up or down?
we have been using the word" public" in quotation marks, that is, in its vernacular connotation with reference to the odd-lot index theory.
we mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago.
we now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion, and that car loadings, while perhaps interesting enough, are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn.
weak hands ask, What is going on?
weak hands react.
when strong hands buy, they are able to buy more, and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports.
which came first?
while it had long been known in general, that" the public is always wrong", the use of odd-lot indices now puts the adage on a statistical basis.
#, THE ASSUMPTIONS OF THE MODEL# _A.
#SIXTIES' CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS# Accordingly, during the Sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the Fifties and, in the process, to require enormous amounts of capital funds.
( we abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately.
) the form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price, and vary directly with the level of GNP.
I am confident that it will, but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties.
INDUSTRY PRODUCT PRICE POLICY_ The industry of this model is so important that its wage and price policies are affected with a public interest.
THE DEMAND FOR THE INDUSTRY' S PRODUCT_ We are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product.
THE INDUSTRY_ The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry, producing a substantial share of gross national product.
_(4)_ It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play, the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the Fifties.
_(5)_ In a more pessimistic vein about the economic outlook, I suspect that the reservoir of demand for consumer goods and housing which was dammed-up during the Thirties and World War 2, is finally in the process of running dry.
_b.
_c.
as a strike continues, these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement.
because of its importance, and because the lack of price competition is well recognized, the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases.
for example, the huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the VA home loan guaranty program seems to have largely exhausted itself.
for expository purposes, this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages.
for such an industry, it is only" safe" to raise its price if such an increase is manifestly" justified" by rising costs ( due to rising wages, etc& ).
for the industry of this model, the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ), and even below the entry-limited price ( but not below average cost ).
for the purposes of setting the product price, the industry behaves as a single entity.
for the purposes of this discussion, the problem of relative prices is encompassed in these two variables, since GNP includes other prices.
here would be a powerful force for raising business activity.
in a way, we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties.
in any given time period, the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things: the price charged by the industry, and the level of GNP.
in order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force, which we may call the effect of" public-limit pricing" on" key" wage bargains, we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces, such as union power, which may be relevant in an actual situation.
in such circumstances, it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate.
in this model, we abstract from all non-wage sources of cost changes, so that the" public-limit price" < only > rises as the wage rate rises.
in wage negotiations, the industry bargains as a unit with a single union.
indeed, the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented.
indeed, the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing, and the increasing reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings, may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end.
markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective.
part 1, below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions.
part 2, discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions.
part 3, discusses the empirical relevance and policy implications of the conclusions.
part 4, is a brief summary.
price competition is lacking.
public indignation and resistance to wage-price increases is obviously much less when the increases are on the order of 3% per annum than when the increases are on the order of 3% per month.
since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises, the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated, and is likely to remain well above the latter.
spurred by keen competition in our industrial system, and still further increases in the funds devoted to industrial research, plant and equipment expenditures by business and industry should rise during the decade.
state and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959, and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade, which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970.
the Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument, but is best read after Part 1, in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit.
the consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets, or they have been drained by the rising price level, and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier.
the contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition, and an exploration of some of its implications.
the entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition, but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy, we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price.
the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things: the passage of time, the level of GNP, and the size of the wage increase.
the foreign-entry-limit price would be approached more rapidly, since domestic wage-rates do not enter foreign costs directly.
the huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War, and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields.
the industry may deliberately take a strike, not to put pressure on the union, but in order to" educate" the government and the customers of the industry.
the manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given.
the model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition, but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny.
the purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature, but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries.
the simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable.
the threat of effective anti-trust action, provoked by" gouging the public" through price increases not justified by cost increases, and fears of endangering relations with customers, Congress, the general public and the press, all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases.
there is some clear-cut evidence of this.
they become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail.
this is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand.
this is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not continue to rise in the Sixties.
thus, if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge, this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate.
thus, the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase.
wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases.
we are abstracting from the fact of strikes here, but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry.
where the industry's product price has been kept below the" profit-maximizing" and" entry-limiting" prices due to fears of public reaction, the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands.
where this approach becomes critical, the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in" resisting" the wage pressures of a powerful union, requesting tariff relief after it has" reluctantly" acceded to the union pressure.
whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase, and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase.
while there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable, the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2,.
#FEDERAL QUESTION JURISDICTION# For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts ( subject to review by the Supreme Court ) for the protection of most rights arising under national law.
Admiralty law, the law merchant, and the host of problems which arise in private litigation because of some contact with a foreign country were all severed from the older Law of Nations and made dependent on the several national laws.
States were free to enact, within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits, their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts, to vary the law merchant, and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas.
a flood of federal lower court injunctions seriously impeded the processes of local government.
a state, the highest form of human organization in fact and theory, could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will, or consent.
according to the new theories, the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was" sovereign" in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors.
an amendment, presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves, became a" laissez-faire" limitation upon state economic policy.
business organization- the corporation- was analyzed in contractual terms;
but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy.
codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation, some changing and adjusting the older law, much dealing with entirely new situations.
contract- conceived as the free bargain of formal equals- replaced the implied obligations of a more static and status-conscious society.
even marriage and the family was seen as a contractual arrangement.
first was the period of codification of existing law: the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that, in fact, resulted from Austin's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England.
first, and most obvious, was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state, and the individual's identification with the state, as transcending other ties of social solidarity.
government itself was based upon contract;
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be.
he made it;
he no longer sought to find the law;
hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence.
however, the sovereign was not Hobbes' absolute monarch but rather the parliamentary sovereign of Austin.
if this seems arbitrary, its effect was to treat citizens of the District of Columbia equally with citizens of the states- at the expense of expanding a troublesome jurisdiction.
in fact, some- Anzilotti is the principle example- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm, < Pacta sunt Servanda >.
in municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament- the elected representatives- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary.
in the first place the new doctrine brought a formal separation of international from municipal law, rejecting the earlier view that both were parts of a universal legal system.
in the international community this reduced law to Jellinek's auto-limitation.
in this view, supported by only three members of the Court, a power denied by the specific provisions of Article 3, was granted by the generality of Article 1,.
increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions.
indeed, contract was the dominant legal theme of the century, the touchstone of the free society.
indeed, with developed positivism, the separation of law from justice, or from morality generally, became quite specific.
it is not surprising that the international obligations of states were also viewed in terms of contract.
it is true that, initially, the task was to remove restrictions that, it was thought, inhibited the free flow of money, goods, and labor;
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority.
it reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of" state will" put forward by the Germans, especially by Hegel, although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes.
it was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government.
it was not opposed to either justice or morality;
it was, too, an optimistic philosophy, and, though it separated law from morality, it was by no means an immoral or amoral one.
law became a conscious process, something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms.
law was seen as an emanation of the" sovereign will".
man, through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom, was master of his destiny.
mr& Justice Black was one of the minority that rested on the Article 1, power.
national identification was not new, but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred.
national identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law, domestic and international, simply as its formal reflection.
one purpose of the change was to attain sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the Civil War amendments against state interference.
one result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations.
particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society.
particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many, when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were harnessed.
private international law ( which Americans call the" conflict of laws" ) was thus segregated from international law proper, or, as it is often called, public international law.
related to, but distinguishable from, nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another.
serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process.
that business be free from governmental supervision and notions of morality which might clog the automatic adjustments of the free market;
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with.
that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated;
the change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation, and then largely in marginal situations.
the displacement ( at least to a considerable extent ) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international law theory and doctrine.
the efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions, particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization, led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions.
the legislative mills have been grinding ever since, and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task, a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another, to the executive.
the old way of doing things, which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations, was no longer adequate to the task.
the theory did not require, though it unfortunately might acquire, a Hegelian mystique.
then in 1875, apparently in response to the nationalizing influence of the Civil War, Congress first gave the lower federal courts general authority- concurrently with state tribunals- to decide cases involving federal-right questions.
there was no law, domestic or international, except that willed by, acknowledged by, or consented to by states.
to free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie, and this objective required that governmental authority- administrative officials and judges- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible;
trade was based on freedom of contract, and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms;
when the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands- two purposes were served: government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will, and law became a rational system for implementing that will, for serving conscious goals, for embodying the" public policy".
whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice, the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law.
#REFUND CLAIMS# Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed, the amount due has been ascertained, and a warrant for its payment has been issued.
< Terminiello > v& < Chicago > involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance.
a clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation.
a recent Ruling, although rather confusing, cites and follows Rev& Rul& 54-17.
a recent case in point is < Mitchell Canneries v& United States, > in which a claim against the Government was transferred first from a corporation to a partnership, whose partners were former stockholders, and then to another corporation formed by the partners.
a similar canon applies to those who press state claims in federal tribunals, e&g&, in diversity cases.
a tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an" operation of law" mold.
although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash, to which section 203 quite clearly applies, the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors.
and in at least one instance, involving refund claims, it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code.
another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this: what constitutes reversible error in a state decision?
as stated in < Seaboard > and numerous other cases, the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis.
but the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it, so long as a requirement does not add to, or diminish, the right as defined by Federal law, nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation".
exceptions are often classified as transfers by" operation of law".
federal law, though invoked in a State court, delimits the Federal claim- defines what gives a right to recovery and what goes to prove it.
for present purposes it may be assumed that this charge so narrowly limited speech as to violate the federal Constitution.
furthermore, Congress could not be presumed to have intended to obstruct mergers approved by the states.
hence, a successor corporation in a C reorganization appears entitled to sue for a refund of taxes paid by the merged corporation despite section 203.
here, as in the < Byrd > case, another element of state procedure was subsumed to federal judge-made law.
holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim, the Court cited the < Seaboard, Novo Trading, > and < Roomberg > cases for the proposition that" **h transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute".
how else can one explain, for example, allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9 ) ), but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses;
if a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court, he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated- the particularity, for instance, with which a cause of action must be described.
if it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions, this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation, even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a ).
if the succession is a matter of public record, certificates of the Secretaries of State or other public officials having custody of the documents will suffice;
if the succession is not of record, all documents relating to such succession, properly certified, are required.
in a B reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor.
in an FELA controversy the state court followed established state procedure by construing a vague complaint" most strongly against" the complainant.
in an earlier case, < Kingan + Co& v& United States, > an American corporation was formed for the purpose of acquiring the stock of a British corporation in exchange for its own stock and then liquidating the British corporation.
in fact, a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the < Kimbell-Diamond > doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step.
in other words the burden of pleading clearly rested upon the pleader by state law.
in substance, said the Court, there was no transfer of equitable title.
it is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes.
it would certainly violate the intention of Congress as expressed in the Committee Report;
justices Frankfurter and Jackson dissented:" one State may cherish formalities more than another, one State may be more responsive than another to procedural reforms.
litigants who choose to assert federal claims in a state court go into that court subject to its rules of procedure.
mr& Justice Black led a reversing majority:" strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law".
neither reason, said the Court, applied to the case at hand;
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16 ) ), but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it;
or allowing survival of a dividend carryover to a personal holding company ( section 381(c)(14 ) ), but not carryover of excess tax credits for foreign taxes?
or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depeciation ( section 381(c)(6 ) ), but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization;
other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors, corporate dissolutions, transfers by descent, or transfers by subrogation.
proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed.
revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation, a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax, followed by the name of the successor corporation.
subject to certain constitutional restraints in favor of fair trials, each level of government is free to devise its own judicial procedures.
such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone;
that is, he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right.
the Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties, one of them a stranger to the claim, and to prevent traffic in claims, particularly tenuous claims, against the Government.
the Court, nevertheless, relied on the < Seaboard > case and also mentioned that the shareholders of the two corporations were the same.
the Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization.
the Ruling would not, however, apply to an acquisition of assets for cash.
the Treasury arrives at substantially the same conclusion, but skirts the problem of section 203 of the United States Code.
the accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse" may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger, invites dispute, brings about a condition of unrest **h".
the anti-assignment statute was held not to prevent the American corporation from suing for a refund of taxes paid by the British corporation.
the cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed.
the conduct in question was a speech.
the former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation, the latter to a contractual acquisition.
the leading case, < Seaboard Air Line Railway v& United States, > held that the transferee could sue for a refund of taxes paid by the transferor, and it has been consistently followed.
the result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed.
the transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1)(B ) as a contractual reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, but not under section 368(a)(1)(A ) as a statutory merger of consolidation.
there does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities.
these items, and most of the others listed above, seem quite comparable to items whose right of survival is provided for in section 381.
these results appear sound.
though the accused raised many other objections, he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings.
to this extent some stretching of the literal meaning of the Committee Report seems justified, since the literal meaning conflicts with the clear implication, if not the language, of the statute.
with respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c ), viewed in historical perspective, suggest a rule requiring survival, whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation.
#e.
#f.
#g.
( see Chapter 2, ).
COMPILATION OF MAILING LISTS# The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs.
MAILING THE QUESTIONNAIRE# Each questionnaire was mailed with a cover letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm.
PROCESSING THE RETURNS# Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments, and was identified by a serial number, by the source list from which the company name was selected, and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope.
RETURNS RECEIVED# Over 1,000 returns were received within two weeks after the final mailing was made.
THE vast Central Valley of California is one of the most productive agricultural areas in the world.
_2._ The fact that companies on the AIA lists were already participating in the defense program because of the manner of their selection.
_3._ The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis.
accordingly, as" in-group", they might have different opinions and practices than an" out-group" composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business.
airmail was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest.
all responses, except comments, were numerically coded to permit use of data-processing equipment.
approximately ten days after the questionnaire was mailed, a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to each of the original names.
by these steps the final AIA list was reduced from 8,000 to 3,500.
by virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program, we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces.
during the summer of 1960, it became the setting for a bitter and basic labor-management struggle.
each letter contained a postage-prepaid return envelope by regular mail for addresses in the Pacific Northwest, and by airmail for those outside the Pacific Northwest.
each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns.
fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion.
fifty-seven returns could not be used because they were incomplete or received too late to be processed.
for a number of years, there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers.
if the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified, the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted.
in order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent.
in the first place, the two groups of firms, when combined, had characteristics and practices that were more representative of companies that were the subject of this study than did the firms from the AIA list alone.
inevitably, one side was pleased and the other displeased, regardless of how we ruled.
it is disconcerting, nevertheless, to read in a labor weekly," Perluss knuckles down to growers", and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states," Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide".
it is not a pleasant or easy position, but one we have endeavored to maintain.
it was compiled as a control sample to determine if the opinions and practices of companies on the lists submitted by the members of the Aerospace industries Association were materially different from those of other small firms selling to defense programs.
often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other.
such a difference might have resulted from: _1._ The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs.
ten days after the questionnaires were mailed, follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once.
the cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment, including an IBM 650 computer.
the codes were key-punched into IBM punch cards and verified.
the contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee ( AWOC ) of the AFL- CIO and the agricultural employers of the State.
the control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register.
the cover letter, questionnaire, and follow-up postcard were then revised into final form ( see Appendixes A, B, and C. #d.
the final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August, 1960, to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list.
the firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind.
the first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1, 2, and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses, in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701.
the first test mailing ( to 14 companies ) was made in June, 1960.
the first was a list of fourteen manufacturing companies located in the state of Washington which were personally known to the research team to be active in defense work.
the forty-four lists supplied by the AIA member companies were merged and duplicate names were eliminated.
the methods and results of this comparative analysis are described in Appendix H. it was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in, or wishing to sell to, defense programs.
the primary consideration in the compilation of this list was convenience in discussing the questionnaire with company officers.
the questionnaires were mailed in Seattle, Washington, and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, and Washington.
the remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2.
the remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists.
the responses were carefully checked for obvious errors in the answers or for questions that were apparently not understood by the respondent.
the results are shown in Table 3.
the returns from companies classified as large businesses were set aside and not used because they were not relevant to a study of the opinions and practices of small firms.
the second list was derived from a group of approximately 8,000 names supplied to the research team by the Aerospace Industries Association.
the second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study.
the second test mailing ( to 100 companies ) was made in July, 1960.
the third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the Thomas Register.
there was further elimination of all companies that were not accompanied by the name of a responsible company executive.
these names were secured from member companies by the Association from the forty-four sources listed in Appendix F. each source selected from its approved bidders list about 200 firms which it believed to be small businesses that participated in the production of weapons and weapon support systems.
they continued to arrive until the end of December, 1960, by which time a total of 1,343 returns were received representing 26.8 per cent of the 5,014 questionnaires sent out.
three lists of companies were made and used in the study.
twenty-eight returns in all were received.
we have consoled ourselves with the thought that this is a normal human reaction and is one of the consequences of any decision in an adversary proceeding.
we have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties, but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose.
where possible, the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address.
#WHY THE TEACHER SHOULD STUDY THE INDIVIDUAL PUPIL# Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children, yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program.
_1._ During early childhood, children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children;
_1._ Typically, the young child's emotional reactions last for a relatively short time, as contrasted to those of an adult.
_10._ Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests cover the whole field of science;
_2._ As the child grows older, his emotional reactions lead to" moods", or emotional states drawn out over a period of time and expressed slowly, rather than in short, abrupt outbursts.
_2._ In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older, who can do the things he likes to do;
_3._ In later childhood, an interest in team games replaces individual play;
_3._ Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects, noises, falling, and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years, but that fears of the dark, of being alone, and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase.
_4._ During early childhood boys tease and bully, on the average, more than girls;
_4._ Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem;
_5._ Children need help in learning to control their emotions.
_5._ During late childhood boys like to tease, jostle, and talk smart to girls;
_6._ By the time pupils reach the sixth grade, their ethical and moral standards are fairly well developed;
_6._ Children differ widely in their emotional responses.
_7._ Between the ages of two and four years, negativism or resistance to adult authority is noticeable;
_8._ The elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups.
_9._ Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combining objects and counting them.
_EMOTIONAL CHARACTERISTICS_ How a child feels about himself, about other people, and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics.
_SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS_ Although no national norms exist for the social development of children, the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels.
a considerable amount of evidence exists to show that an unhappy and insecure child is not likely to do well in school subjects.
after the fourth year it begins to decline.
after they have been in school a few years, their interest in playmates of their own age increases, and their interest in adults decreases;
after they have developed concepts, they are free from the necessity of manipulating objects;
among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar;
and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden.
as the influence of learning and environment are felt, emotional behavior becomes individualized.
because of the uncertainty of this definition, I solicited the interpretation of the Secretary of Labor.
concerning this responsibility of the teacher, suggestions for helping children gain better control of the emotions are presented in Chapter 11.
emotional maturity is the result of many factors, the principal ones being the experiences of the first few years of the child's life.
girls, who are more mature than boys, frown upon the youthful antics of boys of their own age.
he has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one;
he wants to be with people, but he has n't yet learned to cooperate.
here the problem is essentially one of defining the word" filling".
however, as we have seen, in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers.
however, the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence, security, and satisfaction.
in late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase;
in the middle grades, however, he begins to participate more effectively in group activities such as selecting a leader, helping to make plans and carry on group activities, and setting up rules governing the enterprise.
loyalty to the group, a feeling of superiority over those who are not members, and unwillingness to play with members of the opposite sex become dominant traits.
more effective solutions include explanations, the example of another child, or conditioning by associating the feared object, place, or person with something pleasant.
none has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ), relating to referral to jobs" the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute".
one experiment showed the greatest one-year difference occurring between the eleventh and twelfth years.
or should it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of" filling" the job.
others never seem able to enter fully into the life of the classroom.
should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job specifications, union membership, union jurisdiction, and the like?
some are failing to achieve as much as their ability would permit;
such factors as sex, intelligence, and status in the group do not influence his choice much at this time.
that is, that if wages, for example, is the only issue in a labor dispute, and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute, we may continue to make referrals.
that their questions indicate a genuine interest in social processes and events;
the ability to think seems to increase consistently with age.
the child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion, but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger;
the child who had once considered it a treat to accompany his parents on picnics and family gatherings now considers it a bore.
the following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful.
the following summary will give the student some idea about the social characteristics of elementary-school children;
the group sets the styles in clothing, the kind of play engaged in, and the ideals of right and wrong behavior.
the impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear: the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or, as a corollary, the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation.
the older child learns that intense emotional outbursts will not win approval by his peers, and, therefore, makes a real effort to control his emotions.
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals, struggling to meet their developmental needs, and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership.
the young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums, screaming, kicking, and hitting will not get him what he wants;
these children have been described as those who were trying to say something to adults who did not understand.
they do symbolically what they once had to do concretely.
they exhibit a keen interest in social, political, and economic problems, but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work.
those who feel inferior or insecure engage in these activities more than do well-adjusted children.
thus far, the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary.
to have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court, in my opinion, would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor, were he so inclined, to notify the Governor of such noncompliance, set a date for hearing, and issue his finding.
#NOW, THE ISSUES# If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion, then there are twice as many issues which, I judge, sharply divide us, intergroup relations practitioners and lay people.
#PROBLEMS TO SOLVE# From the Summary Report before us at this Conference, a number of problems are apparent.
I believe we all want more schools where white and Negro together can and do attend.
I believe we all want no child denied admission to a school on account of his color.
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population.
PUPIL ASSIGNMENT._ Since on the one hand school desegregation has come in Virginia hand-in-glove with pupil assignment, shall we support the plan?
TEACHER ASSIGNMENT IN ORDER TO DESEGREGATE._ In large cities like Baltimore, Louisville, and Washington, D&C&, should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers, respectively?
THE PLAINTIFF IN SCHOOL DESEGREGATION CASES._ The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation.
WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS TO SCHOOLS THAT DENY CHILDREN ON ACCOUNT OF RACE._ This is the Powell Amendment, which in 1957 divided even a" liberal" group like the American Veterans Committee ( AVC ).
West of Rock Creek Park is still monolithically white and is in fact increasingly white as a result of Georgetown's conversion-by-renovation housing program.
_ISSUE NO& 1.
_ISSUE NO& 2.
_ISSUE NO& 3.
_ISSUE NO& 4.
again the problem is how to get it done and in what form to offer the group relations education;
all of this must be taken into account before the image of an" all-Negro" D&C& public school system is conjured up.
and I have established that the action of municipal, county, or state school boards or boards of education is small, infinitesimally small in comparison with the number of districts.
as a school district, the < District of Columbia > has had desegregated schools since 1954, shortly after the Supreme Court decision.
before turning to my views as to the problems and issues before us at this Regional Conference, I wish to note a small item in the Summary Report as it refers to the District of Columbia.
can we help children adjust to" images of other children" when the latter are not actually present.
correlatively, can we reduce the role of the district courts, so that the action is that of the people of the community or other school district and not that of the law court?
even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated, should we nevertheless support such a clause?
fifth, in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools, how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group?
first, how can we step up the desegregation movement?
fourth, in the segregated school system, during the period before desegregation, how can we assure equal opportunity?
how to achieve this objective is a problem, but we are not divided on what we want.
in each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
in fact, in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population, how can we assure equal opportunity?
in fact, short of fleeing to Warrenton, Virginia, or Rockville, Maryland, white people may have to live with Negroes.
in general, members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone.
in thousands of school districts, indeed, in the entire State of Mississippi, no plaintiff has come forth.
is the requirement that the plaintiff be a person actually denied admission to a school a sound requirement?
it is slow.
it may be county school board or state school board action, as well as that of municipal school boards.
knowledge that thousands of school districts are involved and observation that school desegregation has occurred in only a handful in 1959-1960 leads to a conclusion that desegregation-from-court-order is slow.
nearby Foggy Bottom is ousting Negroes.
not simply a brief program when the schools are actually desegregated but a continuing program that also promotes integration, that encourages the children and teachers not to look at each other as white or Negro, but as human beings.
not whether it should be done.
on the basis of pupil assignment criteria, Judge Albert Bryan has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria, Virginia.
on the one hand do we argue the Supreme Court decision required only that a < child > not be denied admission to a school on account of his race?
on the other hand, looking at the larger picture, is it true that pupil assignment has effectively cut off, blocked, or reduced school desegregation to a" trickle"?
or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school, we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school namely, to a teacher of another race.
second, as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves, how can we achieve this action through school board action?
shall we support pupil assignment?
shall we therefore oppose the plan?
should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance?
should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race?
that on the immediate horizon, if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes, it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states.
that reference in the Report is" continuation of the trend toward an all-Negro school system", a remark apparently occasioned by the increase of Negro school population from 74.1 per cent to 76.7 per cent.
the Capitol Hill rehabilitation, like Foggy Bottom, replaces Negroes with whites ( but also replaces some whites with other whites ).
the Federal funds limitation enlists the support of many, the opposition of quite a few.
the large acreage in the Southwest Redevelopment area beckons white people- what with high-priced town houses and elevator apartments.
the record is clear that increase in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order;
the sharpest break with tradition, the past and present of" White Ring Around a Black Core", may come with the opening of nearby Montgomery County suburbs to Negro residents and, presumably, the consequent conclusion of some whites that they cannot escape the Negro by fleeing to the suburbs.
there is nonetheless considerable argument against the clause, softened though it be, on the grounds that Federal aid is so necessary to the public schools.
they vex us and perplex us but generally do not divide us like the issues which follow the problems.
third, how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools?
this is a problem, and I believe there is little difference of opinion that wherever possible a local school board should devise and effect a plan of desegregation.
this is a problem, but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence.
this is an issue, for it divides people rather sharply.
this is softer than earlier Powell amendments which would have denied funds to all segregated school districts.
this question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps- those for or against pupil assignment.
this recapitulation makes it clear that school desegregation continues, including the Old Dominion State, in spite of its stern resistance.
we can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation.
#ATTEMPTS TO INFLUENCE SOCIAL STRUCTURE THROUGH EDUCATION# Educational policy in the United States has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity.
#MAXIMIZING ECONOMIC AND CULTURAL OPPORTUNITY# The broad expansion of free education results both in raising the average economic and cultural level of the society and in promoting fluidity within the social structure.
#TWO MAJOR TYPES OF FULLY DISTRIBUTED COST ANALYSIS# _1.
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet.
> which recommended a federal government scholarship program.
THE DOUBLE-STEP TYPE_ Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define" relative costs", the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice.
THE SINGLE-STEP TYPE_ We turn now to a type of fully distributed cost analysis which, unlike the" railroad type", draws no distinction between cost allocation and cost apportionment: the single-step type.
_2.
an example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Universities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation.
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination.
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs than can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates.
and this fact may explain some of the disagreements among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service.
as already noted in an earlier paragraph, the more familiar cost analyses of utility enterprises or utility systems divide the total costs among a number of major classes of service, such as residential, commercial, industrial power, street lighting, etc&.
both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions.
but before turning to this example, we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis, both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type.
but in any event, full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses: namely, that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service;
but in the second subtype, which I take to be the one more frequently applied, only the operating expenses and not the" cost of capital" or" fair return" are apportioned directly among the various classes of service.
but the major portions of the total costs of a utility business are common or joint to all, or nearly all, classes of customers;
but there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education.
by all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs, and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution.
during the past decade the program has been carried on through expansion of free higher education in state universities, state colleges, and community colleges.
fifty years ago the general raising of the school-leaving age to sixteen was an example of this movement.
finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers, and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools.
for more explicit expositions, one must distinguish different types of analyses.
furthermore, the Commission set up the Council for Financial Aid to Education as a means of encouraging private business to increase its support of private higher education.
here no attempt is made, first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs" reasonably distributed" residues of total costs.
here, an apportionment, say, of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers.
here, the choice is that between the horns of a dilemma.
high-tension industrial power service, for example, would not be charged with any share of the maintenance costs or capital costs of the low-tension distribution lines.
in general it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole.
in recent years, this burden ( which includes allowances for revenue deficiencies in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic!
in so far as this goal is achieved, the society becomes more fluid, artificial barriers to social mobility are reduced, and people at the lower end of the social hierarchy share more fully in the material and cultural goods of society.
in the first subtype, the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for" cost of capital" or" fair rate of return" ) among the different classes and units of service.
instead, all of the total costs are treated as variable costs, although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables.
it is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade, because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records ( who were usually middle-class ), and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges.
it might be called the" public utility" type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases.
like the other policy-making groups, these are middle class in their educational attitudes, and they attempt to act in the general public interest, as they see it.
meanwhile, the private colleges have increased their tuition rates so much that they have raised an economic barrier which dwarfs their scholarship funds.
moreover, whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance" variable cost" means a cost deemed to vary in < direct > proportion to changes in rate of output, in the type of analysis now under review" variable cost" has been used more broadly, so as to cover costs which, while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy, or number of customers ), are not necessarily a < linear > function.
nevertheless, because the Cost Section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs, it has apportioned this residue, which it sometimes calls" burden", among the units of carload traffic on a basis ( partly ton, partly ton-mile ) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination.
on the other hand, there is a counterbalancing purpose in education which is to pass on the advantages of the parents to their children.
one such disagreement, which will receive attention in this next chapter, concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service, in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination, must be made directly < proportional > to marginal costs, or whether they should be based instead on < differences > in marginal costs.
since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates, it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs.
suffice it to say that the usefulness of the latter apportionment is questionable.
the Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter.
the first, or double-step, type might also be called the" railroad type" because of its application to railroads ( and other transportation agencies ) by the Cost Section of the Interstate Commerce Commission.
the gains in educational opportunity during the past decade have taken place largely in the publicly supported institutions.
the general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis.
the reaffirmation of American faith in the comprehensive high school, as expressed in the Conant study, is another indication of the liveliness of the ideal of maximizing opportunity through the equalizing of educational opportunity.
the recent federal government's student-loan program is another step in the direction of making higher education more available to lower-status youth.
the variable costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing" long-run out-of-pocket costs"- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's" long-run marginal costs".
then there are the trustees and officers of the great educational foundations, who inevitably exert an influence on educational decisions by their support or refusal to support various educational programs, experiments, and demonstrations.
there remains a residue of total costs, or total" revenue requirements" which, since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density, is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis.
these have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership, with rare exceptions, where working-class parents are active in local P&-T&A& matters.
these people are practically always upper- or upper-middle-class persons, who attempt to act in what they regard as the interest of the entire society.
they are predominantly middle- and upper-class people, and undoubtedly share the values and attitudes of those classes.
they may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account.
they think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society.
this Commission recommended against the use of federal government funds for the assistance of private universities and against a broad program of government-supported scholarships.
this leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the maintenance of social stratification in the schools.
this might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias, but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S& Hollingshead entitled < Who Should Go to College?
this" grand division" permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class, such as street lighting, or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes.
thus, the Commission acted with a sense of social responsibility within the area of its own convictions about the problem of government support to private education.
unfortunately, however, and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter, no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues.
( cf& Hempel and Oppenheim, 1948:135-75.
( cf& McGlynn: 1958.
) scientific systems, and this includes even the relation of mechanist to relativist physics, are built upon, refined and corrected.
) whatever philosophy is conceived to be, its rationalist, logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science.
Bergson and Leroy announce that" the secret is the center of a philosophy" and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity.
I think it must be said that, contrary to metaphysical insistence, these are questions so framed as to defy either empirical exploration or rational solutions.
a degree of indefiniteness is a salutary condition for the growth of science.
a philosophy which attempts to supply ultimate answers in an ultimate way reveals its acquiescence in the shortcomings of men, an impatience with partial, tentative solutions.
an operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty, since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes.
and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparate sociological investigations.
as Simmel ( 1908 ) and Dilthey ( 1922 ) indicated, questions of whether the value of life is individual or social are not questions, but assertions of faith made to appear as legitimate questions.
beyond this, philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry, but within its potential domain of relevance.
but neither was the statement empirical, for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard.
but the forceful presentation of new issues for the sciences to work on is itself a monumental task.
by clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences, and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline, philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding.
certain features we have touched upon: philosophy as a logical, deductive system from which a social science methodology can be built up;
do societies develop according to cosmic patterns or are they subject only to the free choice of individuals?
does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of men?
for as Merleau-Ponty indicated ( 1953 ), it is not the secret which is important, but the removal of secrecy.
for some forms of philosophy, this very division between the empirical and the rational becomes a sign of the metaphysical superiority of the latter.
for this division is but an abstract representation of the social struggle between mysticism and science.
for what concerns all scientific disciplines is precisely that which can be captured for the rational, i&e&, for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational.
however, modesty and triviality are different qualities.
if it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all, that they asserted nothing true or false, but merely expressed emotions like" Hurrah" or" Fiddlesticks", then these wayward judgments would cease from troubling and weary heads could be at rest.
in addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysics, they differ in that science is essentially descriptive, while philosophy in its inherited forms, tends to be goal-oriented, teleological and prescriptive.
in the new situation, philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences, a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value.
in this connection, it might be noted that the theory of games was a mathematical discovery long before its uses in political science were exploited.
in this situation, philosophy has survived by separating itself from metaphysics, by showing the ultimate questions to be the meaningless questions.
in this, philosophy and science share a common goal.
it appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only.
it is not that such questions are not asked.
it is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty.
likewise, Kant formulated the nebular hypothesis, according to which the solar system was evolved from a rotating mass of incandescent gas, nearly a half century before its scientific value was made plain by Laplace in his < Systeme du Monde >.
men have always lived in a tentative world, and in suspension of ultimate judgments where and when necessary.
philosophic analysis of the assumptions and presumptions of the social sciences;
philosophic systems, by the very nature of their completeness, are overthrown by rival systems.
philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed.
philosophy conceived of as servant to the sciences might appear as less dramatic than philosophy which jeers as the sciences evolve.
social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions, than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy.
specifically, it will be asked whether the" real" questions people ask are not the" ultimate" questions that social science finds itself impotent in the face of.
such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals.
the ceaseless effort to understand and measure the distance mankind has traversed since its primitive anthropological status offers a more durable sort of drama.
the dissection of scientific theory, the examination of a theory from the vantage-points of language, epistemology, and ethics, is itself a distinct contribution to knowledge, no less so because of its removal from empirical research.
the functional interplay of philosophy and science should, as a minimum, guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making.
the hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument;
the mystification of metaphysical systems does not imply the demise of philosophy, only the close of a philosophic age which demanded metaphysics to be rational and logical.
the objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted, namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences.
the realm of science, whatever the degree of precision in formulations, covers the range of prediction and explanation.
the relinquishing by philosophy of pretentious claims to empirical priority gives it an ability to treat problems of meaning and truth which in the past it was unable to examine because of its missionary attitude to knowledge of more humble sorts.
the tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science, religion and ideology.
the threadbare notion that belief, unlike behaviour, is not subject to objective analysis, has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge, since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour.
they explained value judgments by explaining them away.
this does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it generates, any more so than Riemann's geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum.
this is simply a confession of intellectual sterility spruced up to look virtuous.
this is the course the positivists took.
to find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically, and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery.
to raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds, answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis, is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself.
to those raised on Marcel's < Homo Viator > and Heidegger 's < das Nichtige >, this may seem a modest role for philosophy.
uncertainty overcoming itself is the precondition of the quest for new and more precise information about the world.
what is left to traditional systems of philosophy is, in effect, only the history of these fields prior to their becoming rigorous enough to abide by the canons of scientific method.
what then is the status of such questions as: is society the ground of human existence or a means to an individual goal?
what were they to do, then, with these awkward judgments of value?
when dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge, or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas, one has to become necessarily selective.
without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths.
" I have heard stories", he writes," of the most terrible, the most unnatural actions, of the most monstrous murders, told with the most spontaneous, childishly merry laughter".
( 1 ) What allows us to think that the patient had no third-dimensional representations when his eyes were closed?
( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand, he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold, sharp or blunt, rough or smooth, flexible, soft, or hard;
( 2 ) Spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations;
( 2 ) The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade.
( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind?
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury?
and even on subjectivist assumptions that does not seem very bright.
and he could recognize, by touch alone, articles which he had handled immediately before, even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him;
and he could tell, simply by the feel of it, whether it was made of wood, iron, cloth, rubber, and so on.
and so the authors conclude:" the conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work, even more than the foregoing facts [ mentioned above under 1 ], leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch, in the ordinary sense of the word, was unaffected;
and, therefore, he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again.
because of his brain injury and the extreme damage suffered to his sight, the patient had to train himself for a new line of work, that of a portfolio-maker, an occupation requiring a great deal of precision in the making of measurements and a fairly well-developed sense of form and contour.
broad and Ross have lately contended that this fitness is one of the main facts of ethics, and I suspect they are right.
but before we can do this, we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2;
but if that is true, why is any attitude more fitting than any other?
but that is not exactly my point.
first of all, what is their evidence that the tactual apparatus was fundamentally undamaged?
for before someone takes up an attitude toward death, suffering, or their infliction, they have no moral quality at all.
he could not see objects as unified, self-contained, and organized figures, as a person does with normal vision.
if goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them, those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line.
if the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point, it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition.
if there is nothing evil in these things, if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them, why should n't they be greeted with a cheer?
if we were asked why we thought so, we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong, and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting.
in any event, the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became" psychically blind", while at the same time, apparently, the sense of touch remained essentially intact.
in his novel < The House of the Dead >, Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp.
in such a case, any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other, which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point.
in what ways, then, did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself?
indeed we are forced to go much farther.
it is as follows:" the usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure, pain, temperature ), as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings, feelings in the tendons and joints ), were, as such, essentially intact, although they seemed, in comparison with normal reactions, to be somewhat diminished over the entire body.
it seems clear, when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question, the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ), that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision.
it would bring goodness into the world.
it would needlessly bring badness into the world;
let me illustrate.
most of us would say that in this delight at the killing of others or the causing of suffering there is something very unfitting.
my point is this: whether there is such fitness or not, we all assume that there is, and if we do, we express in moral judgments more than the subjectivists say we do.
now on the subjectivist view, this answer is ruled out.
obviously, a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative, if the argument is to get under way at all, for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion, any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether, of course, as evidence to establish the desired conclusion.
on the other hand, to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good;
or, to put the same thing in physiological terms, that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus, from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain,- that is, from one end to the other- was unimpaired".
psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images, a condition in which, for example, one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence.
that is, he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was.
that is, there is, in the true sense, only a < visual > space".
the answer the authors give to it, therefore, is of supreme importance.
the authors insist, however, that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight.
the force of the authors' analysis ( if indeed it has any force ) can be felt by the reader, I believe, only after three questions have been successfully answered.
the injured German veteran was a former miner, twenty-four years old, who had been wounded by shrapnel in the back of the head.
the meaning of this, as we shall see, is that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects;
the necessary inference, as the authors themselves interpret it, would seem to be this:" ( 1 ) Spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch, < as such >.
the supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member, as well as the direction and scope of a movement, passively executed ( with one of his members ), proved to have been, on the contrary, very considerably affected".
the underlying assumption, of course, is that only sight and touch enable us, in any precise and fully dependable way, to locate objects in space beyond us, the other senses being decidedly inferior, if not totally inadequate, in this regard.
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand.
there is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting.
therefore, if the sense of touch is functioning normally and there is a complete absence of spatial awareness in a psychically-blind person when the eyes are closed and an object is handled, the conclusion seems unavoidable that touch by itself cannot focus and take possession of the third-dimensionality of things and that actual sight or visual representations are necessary.
they are in themselves neutral, and, so far as they get a moral quality, they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker.
this circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that, when the patient closed his eyes, he had absolutely no spatial ( that is, third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever.
this is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel.
this resulted in damage to the occipital lobe and very probably to the left side of the cerebellum also.
to greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad;
we do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch < by itself >.
we shall consider these in the inverse order of their presentation.
whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today, Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined.
would applause, for example, be fitting if, apart from the applause, there were nothing good to applaud?
would condemnation be fitting if, independently of the condemnation, there were nothing bad to condemn?
#CHAPTER 5 THE EARLY EIGHTH CENTURY# THE LANDSCAPE of Greek history broadens widely, and rather abruptly, in the eighth century B&C&, the age of Homer's" rosy-fingered Dawn".
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution, in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth.
_DIPYLON POTTERY_ THE POTTERY of the first half of the eighth century is commonly called Ripe Geometric.
although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era, I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization.
arriving at daybreak, they found Julio in his corral and demanded that he surrender.
as the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased, the local variations within a common style became more evident.
beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines.
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance.
but both were among the last products of a phase which was ending.
but our evidence grows considerably in variety and shows more unmistakably some of the lines of change.
by 800 social and cultural security had been achieved, at least on a simple plane;
cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and, when he could not show the hide, arrested him.
even while suffering the trip to his home, Cook swore to Moore and Lane that he would kill the Indian.
figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and architecture in Greece;
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself.
for this period, as for earlier centuries, pottery remains the most secure source;
if we could see more deeply, we probably would find many side issues and wrong turnings which came to an end within the period.
in earlier centuries men had had enough to do in rebuilding a fundamental sense of order after chaos.
in their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization, at first hesitantly in Protogeometric work, and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style.
in these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress.
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep.
it was time to take bigger steps, to venture on experiments.
many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas;
not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis.
objects in gold, ivory, and bronze grow more numerous.
on this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture, architecture, society, and politics;
painters left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color;
plate 12 illustrates four examples, which are Ripe or Late Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools.
political organization revolved about the < basileis >;
ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited.
since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century, we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful.
the Dipylon Geometric pottery of Athens and the < Iliad > are amazing manifestations of the inherent potentialities of Greek civilization;
the antecedents of Dipylon vases and of the < Iliad > lie in the Aegean past.
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant, more diversified, and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers, who begin to show scenes of human life and death.
the dominant pottery of the century was Geometric;
the epic poems, the consolidation of the Greek pantheon, the rise of firm political units, the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men- all these had to await the progress of following decades.
the era, however, is Janus-faced.
the first slanting rays of the new day cannot yet dispel all the dark shadows which lie across the Aegean world;
the gods who protected the Greek countryside were only now putting on their sharply anthropomorphic dress.
the growing contacts between Aegean and Orient are also a phase which should be linked primarily to the remarkable broadening of Hellenic culture after 750.
the historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence, and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding.
the important point, however, is that these magnificent achievements, unlike those of later decades, were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models.
the modern student, who knows what was to come next, is likely to place first the factors of change which are visible in the eighth century.
the pace could now be accelerated, for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground.
the poet of the < Iliad > deliberately archaized.
the potters, in particular, had virtually eschewed freehand drawing, elaborate motifs, and the curving lines of nature, while yet expressing a belief that there was order in the universe.
the revolution was well under way before 700 B&C&, and premonitory signs go back virtually across the century.
the rows of animals and birds, in particular, suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes, transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles, but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek.
the severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years, the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century, display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery;
the vases which resulted had different shapes, far more complex decoration, and a larger sense of style.
these are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook, independent of outside forces.
they had had to work on very simple foundations and had not dared to give rein to impulses.
thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction, he later released him.
though it is not easy to apply the evidence of the < Iliad > to any specific era, this marvelous product of the epic tradition had certainly taken definitive shape by 750.
though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined, it seems to appear first in the Cyclades, which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century.
three weeks later following his recovery, armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney, Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez.
throughout the Dark ages, it is clear, the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently.
to interpret, indeed, the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information;
to the ancestral lore, however, new materials were added.
trade was just beginning to expand;
wavy lines, feather-like patterns, rosettes of indefinitely floral nature, birds either singly or in stylized rows, animals in solemn frieze bands ( see Plates 11-12)- all these turned up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze.
we shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery, the epic and the myth, and the religious evolution of early Greece;
what we have seen in this chapter, we have seen only dimly, and yet the results, however general, are worth the search.
while many tokens point forward, the main achievements stand as a culmination of the simple patterns of the Dark ages.
#@ TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH# MANCHESTER 'S unusual interest in telegraphy has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev& J& D& Wickham, headmaster of Burr and Burton Seminary, was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor, Samuel F& B& Morse.
Goodwin was telegrapher for the" American Telegraph Company" and the" Troy and Canada Junction Telegraph Company".
Orvis even needed to hire an assistant, Clark J& Wait.
a Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against Chavez for taking part in the" murder" of Manuel Gonzales so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger.
a message of less than fifteen words to Bennington cost twenty-five cents.
about 1888 J& E& McNaughton of Barnumville and E& G& Bacon became proprietors of the" Green Mountain Telegraph Company", connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru, Londonderry, South Londonderry, Lowell Lake, Windham, North Windham, Grafton, Cambridgeport, Saxton's River, and Bellows Falls.
as new homes were built they were connected so that all residences south of School Street are served by it.
at any rate, Manchester did not lag far behind the first commercial system which was set up in 1844 between Baltimore and Washington.
b& J& Connell is the present treasurer and manager.
besides being most convenient, the line" soon proved a good investment for the owners".
but companies continued to spring up.
by 1871 L& C& Orvis, manager of the" Western Union Telegraph Company", expressed willingness to send emergency telegrams on Sundays from his Village drugstore.
by 1883 the" Battenkill Telegraph Company" was in existence and Alvin Pettibone was its president.
during the summers, Towsley often needed the assistance of a company operator.
early equipment was very flimsy;
early the next morning, a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso Chavez, one of the posse members, was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo.
f& H& Walker, superintendent;
finding it true that he was not inside, the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket.
fire District No& 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945, but considered it an unwise investment.
from 1896 until 1910 John H& Whipple was manager of Western Union at the Center in the drugstore he purchased from Clark Wait.
h& K& Fowler, vice-president and secretary;
h& S& Walker, assistant superintendent.
he wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup, particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard.
his problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately.
if not, how long to order and what is the price"?
in 1846 Matthew B& Goodwin, jeweler and watchmaker, became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business" two doors north of the Equinox House" or" one door north of the Bank, Manchester, Vermont".
in 1879 the same Clark Wait, with H& H& Holley of South Dorset, formed the" American Telegraph Line", extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset.
in the fall of 1878, the" Popular Telegraph Line" was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners, Paul W& Orvis, Henry Gray, J& N& Hard, and Clark J& Wait.
it has given considerable trouble at times and empties right into the Battenkill.
j& N& Hard, treasurer;
new Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers.
no figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town.
occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills, disappearing at the posse's approach.
operating in 1887 was the" Valley Telegraph Line", officers of which were E& C& Orvis, president;
operators were Arthur Koop and Norman Taylor.
receiving no answer, they set the fire.
several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand.
shares of capital stock at $15 each in the latter company were payable at the Bank of Manchester or at various other Vermont banks.
shot six or eight times the body was draped with Russell's pistol, belt, and cartridges.
still existing on a" Northern Union" telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer J& J& Hapgood to Burton and Graves' store in Manchester-" Get and send by stage sure four pounds best Porterhouse or serloin stake, for Mrs& Hapgood send six sweet oranges".
telegraphers at the Depot at this time were Aaron C& Burr and Mark Manley of" Burr and Manley", dealers in lumber and dry goods.
the 1946 town meeting voted to have the Selectmen appoint a committee to investigate and report on the feasibility of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center, Depot, and Way's Lane.
the 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities.
the < Manchester Journal > commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business.
the Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality, and assessments were made for its maintenance.
the Village office of Western Union with George Towsley as manager and telegrapher continued in Hard's drugstore until 1905.
the committee submitted a report signed by Louis Martin and Leon Wiley with a map published in the 1946 town report.
the final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting, later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21, 1960.
the layout of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W& Taylor, who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant.
the line soon lived up to its name, as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock.
the men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to Raton along with three other families desiring to leave.
the plant was located west of the Battenkill and south of the location of the former electric light plant.
the sewer on Bonnet Street was constructed when there were only a few houses on the street.
the sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed, according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr& I& P& George, and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman.
the smallest gusts of wind toppled poles, making communications impossible.
the ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large, and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses, defending themselves through loopholes, it would be most difficult to capture them.
there the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the roster of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams.
there was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who, though numbering in the fifties, had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack.
these were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf, which had come into vogue, but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments.
this boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising.
thus he wired J& P& Lower and Sons of Denver:" have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot?
traveling all night, Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22.
two companies now had headquarters with Clark J& Wait, who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point- the" Northern Union Telegraph Company" and the" Western Union".
when the house was about half consumed, his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands, declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel.
" the soil is common to all men **h.
and More was far too well read not to have come across it in one or several of the forms thus given it.
and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of < Utopia >, when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man.
and in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central.
and it is again and again made clear that Utopian communism provides the institutional array indispensible to that best ordering.
and it is to this problem that the < Republic > ultimately returns.
and the evidence that he does, indeed, stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so.
and the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors, their spiritual athleticism.
because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his.
but although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515, it is not communism as such that we are concerned with.
but here we have a distinctly modern preoccupation;
but it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials.
but to say that at a moment in history something is < new > is not necessarily to say that it is modern;
can we discover what it is in < Utopia > that has evoked this response?
finally, the conception of the < natural > community of all possessions which originated with the Stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time, although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the Middle Ages.
had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises, they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time, whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works.
he is a trustee for the common good, however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund, wisely or unwisely, entrusted to his keeping.
in More's < Utopia > communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the lumpish mass.
in Plato's < Republic > communism is- to speak anachronistically- a communism of Janissaries.
in a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it, Utopian communism remains, as an integral whole, original- a new thing.
in a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory ineptly is left altogether to a small voice so often still.
in all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role.
in contrast to this Stoic-patristic view, < Utopia > implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the deficiencies of municipal law is to embark on the bottomless sea of human sinfulness in a sieve.
in that tradition communism lay a safe distance back in the age of innocence before the Fall of Man.
indeed, of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a custodian.
it can be made in two words, Utopian communism.
it did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order, because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned.
it is not merely a new thing;
it is one of the very few new things in < Utopia >;
it was not even in writing Latin epigrams, sometimes bawdy ones, or in translating Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative academics, or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed Erasmus's philological study of the New Testament.
its function is to separate from the base ruled mass, among whom private ownership prevails, the governing warrior elite.
more stands on the margins of modernity for one reason alone- because he wrote < Utopia >.
moreover, it is too readily forgotten that in the < Republic > what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods, wives, and children, was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche;
most of the rest is medieval or humanist or part of an old tradition of social criticism.
neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced.
new, indeed, is Luther's perception, but not modern, as anyone knows who has ever tried to make intelligible to modern students what Luther was getting at.
only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response, and only one other contemporary work- Niccolo Machiavelli and < The Prince >.
perhaps one way to sharpen our sense of the modernity of Utopian communism is to contrast it with the principal earlier types of communistic theory.
remember that in seeking the modern in < Utopia > we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there;
similar literary exercises were the common doings of a Christian humanist of the first two decades of the sixteenth century.
surely there is nothing new about communism.
the Utopians brace conscience with legal sanctions.
the actual function of patristic-civilian-canonist-scholastic communism was adequately set forth by St& Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote < Utopia >.
the apostolic community was literally an elite: chosen by Christ himself.
the concern of < Utopia > is with the < optimo reipublicae statu >, the best ordering of a civil society;
the medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place Thomas More, the author of < Utopia >, in some intelligible relation with St& Thomas More, the martyr.
this conception was taken up by the early Church Fathers and by canon lawyers and theologians in the Middle Ages;
to derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit, the monastic communities, is with an appropriate shift of adjectives, misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato's < Republic >: in the < Republic > we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes, in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes.
to others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian Humanism, the Renaissance elements are of primary concern.
to that question the answer is simple;
utopian communism applies to all Utopians.
we are concerned not with the genus communism nor with other species of the genus: Platonic, Stoic, early Christian, monastic, canonist or theological communism;
we are concerned with Utopian communism- that is, simply communism as it appears in the imaginary commonwealth of Utopia, as More conceived it.
we do not deny originality to the < Agamemnon > because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of Atreus among the folk lore of the Greeks.
we do not even need to commit ourselves to assessing on the same inconceivable scale the relative importance of the medieval, the Renaissance, and the modern.
we find it in Plato's < republic >, and in < Utopia > More acknowledges his debt to that book.
we find it in that" common way of life **h pleasing to Christ and **h still in use among the truest societies of Christians", that is, the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity.
we find it in the later Stoic conception of man's natural condition which included the community of all possessions.
we should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion".
we want to know what is perennially new about < Utopia >.
we want to know why that book has kept on selling the way it has;
we will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not.
what is new about it?
when we give the necessities of life to the poor, we restore to them what is already theirs.
## When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each.
( it makes no real difference that Braque's collage is on paper and eked out in charcoal, while Picasso's is on canvas and eked out in oil.
) by its greater corporeal presence and its greater extraneousness, the affixed paper or cloth serves for a seeming moment to push everything else into a more vivid < idea > of depth than the simulated printing or simulated textures had ever done.
Barstow concluded that as Rhode Island's John Brown became a canonized hero, if not a saint, so would it be with John Brown of Harper's Ferry.
Daniel w& Vaughan, and William H& H& Clements.
Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city.
Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911, when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas.
Thomas Davis, an uncompromising Garrisonian;
Woodbury's remarks were applauded by a portion of the audience several times and once there was hissing.
although admitting Brown's guilt on legal grounds, Day said that," Brown is no common criminal;
and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface.
and moreover, he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910.
and the same thing, more or less, can be said of the contents of Picasso's first collage.
and the surface is driven back, in its very surfaceness, only by this contrast.
and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by < their > placing, and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining.
at the close of Davis' speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president, and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously: whereas, John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights **h and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper: therefore, Resolved that, while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects, yet **h in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom, we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor.
at the same time, the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them, and by their placing in relation to the block capitals;
because of the size of the areas it covers, the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness < bodily >, as more than an indication or sign.
but here again, the surface-declaring device both overshoots and falls short of its aim.
but it is also true that Braque was the consistent pioneer in the use of simulated textures as well as of typography;
by this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall.
despite the opposition of the city newspapers, the Pratt Hall meeting" brought together a very respectable audience, composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery, of many of our colored citizens, and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering".
following Day was Woodbury who spoke of his disapproval of Brown's attempt at servile insurrection, his admiration of Brown's character, and his opposition to slavery.
for the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief, which gives way in turn, and with equal immediacy, to an illusion that seems to contain both- or neither.
he recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W& Dorr ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty.
he said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments.
he spoke of his desire to promote the abolition of slavery by peaceable means and he compared John Brown of Harper's Ferry to the John Brown of Rhode Island's colonial period.
his deed was not below, but above the law".
in certain other pictures, however, Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing.
in later collages of both masters, a variety of extraneous materials are used, sometimes in the same work, and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of.
in the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they" are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned".
in the upper center of Braque's first collage, < Fruit Dish > ( in Douglas Cooper's collection ), a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane.
in their very first collages, Braque and Picasso draw or paint < over > and < on > the affixed paper or cloth, so that certain of the principal features of their subjects < as depicted > seem to thrust out into real, bas-relief space- or to be about to do so- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in, or flat upon, the surface.
instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it, the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it, and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture.
instead of seeing objects in space, it sees nothing more than- a picture.
it is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's, which would confirm the date he assigns it.
it was for this reason, and no other that I can see, that in September 1912, Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper, instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint.
literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture, and the device boomerangs: the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before.
on the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence < Daily Journal > wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes, it could have been avoided completely.
planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space, and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially.
rather than being deceived, the eye is puzzled;
resolved **h that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action.
resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas, occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory, call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered, and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice.
resolved, that we find in this fearful tragedy at Harper's Ferry a reason for more earnest effort to remove the evil of slavery from the whole land as speedily as possible **h.
seated on the platform were Amos C& Barstow, ex-mayor of Providence and a wealthy Republican stove manufacturer;
that is, by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface.
the < only > public demonstration in honor of John Brown was held at Pratt's Hall in Providence, on the day of his execution.
the < trompe-l' oeil > illusion here is no longer enclosed between parallel flatnesses, but seems to thrust through the surface of the drawing paper and establish depth < on top > of it.
the Reverend Augustus Woodbury, a Unitarian minister;
the Reverend George T& Day, a Free-Will Baptist;
the accumulation of such devices, however, soon had the effect of telescoping, even while separating, surface and depth.
the actual surface becomes both ground and background, and it turns out- suddenly and paradoxically- that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in < front > of, < upon >, the surface.
the area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material- or simply of a painted-in form- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface, while something will be drawn, painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth.
the first speaker was Amos C& Barstow who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting.
the fourth and last speaker was Thomas Davis.
the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas.
the latter two were appointed secretaries.
the next speaker was George T& Day.
the process of flattening seemed inexorable, and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion.
these areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern, stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued- and set to shuttling again- only by conventional perspective;
through 1911 and 1912, as the Cubist facet-plane's tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny, the task of keeping the surface at arm's length fell all the more to eye-undeceiving contrivances.
thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane;
to reinforce, and sometimes to replace, the simulated typography, Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint;
yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper, and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering, manage somehow to push the grape cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not" jump".
" how ya gon na keep 'em down on the farm"?
## While the factories were always the center of the labor market, they were often on the city's periphery.
#4.
Constantino Brumidi designed the decorative scheme as a whole, in collaboration with the architect Charles U& Walter, at the time when plans were being made to replace the wooden dome of Bullfinch with the present much larger iron structure.
Department stores congregated in the" one hundred per cent location", where all the transit lines converged.
Department stores were built on dry goods, especially ladies' fashions, and in this area, in the long run, the suburban branches will be hard put to compete against downtown.
Raymond Vernon reports that residents of East St& Louis have been driving across the Mississippi, through the heart of downtown St& Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping, simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town.
SUBURBS AND NEGROES# In their book < American Skyline, > Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility- a fine ironical argument, when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote.
a blank undecorated void, plastered in roughcast, disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951.
accounting procedures which continue to charge a disproportionate overhead and warehouse expense to the main store make the branches seem more profitable than they are.
after many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco, and slightly less than half the frieze, beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door, and ending with William Penn, all but one leg, when a tragic accident ended his career.
and if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with" nice people", rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store, the central location may be in serious trouble.
at the same time, Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration, coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy, permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes.
bankers who had been reluctant to lend without better security than the house itself got that security from the U& S& government;
before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century, the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi frescos of the Capitol Rotunda in Washington.
but it is a great conception.
but they deny the values of the city- the crowded, competitive, tolerant city, the" melting pot" which gave off so many of the most admirable American qualities.
but whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago- a new bedroom set or a winter coat, an Easter bonnet, a bicycle for Junior- the family set off for the downtown department store, where the selection would be greatest.
even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt's motel has been relatively painless;
fear of the competition- always a great motivating force in the American economy- makes retailers who do < not > have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival's shiny new branches.
for the use of students and future restorers, a full, day-by-day record was kept of all three undertakings, complete technical reports on what we found and what we did.
he left at his death sketches, drawn to scale, for the rest of the circle.
historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life, the variety of experience they offered.
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent, under government aegis.
if anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing, it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ), household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items.
if the distant patron of the suburban branch has been frightened away from downtown by traffic problems, however, the city store can only pressure the politicians to do something about the highways or await the completion of the federal highway program.
if the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing, however, his dollar volume continues to rise, and it is dollars which you put in the bank.
if this analysis is correct, the suburban branches will turn out to be what management's cost accountants refuse to acknowledge, marginal operations rather than major factors.
in many cases that statement" We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches" would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store.
in most discussions of this phenomenon, the figures are substantially inflated.
in spreading the factories even farther, the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities.
indeed, there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown.
it is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements, or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly.
just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car, the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store, though both are the same distance from home.
later the cleaning and restoration were ordered, first of the older part of the frieze, finally of the canopy.
moreover, the cost of operations is always high in < any > new store, as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover.
no suburban shopping-center branch- not even Hudson's vast Northland outside Detroit- does anything like the unit volume of business or carries anything like the variety of merchandise to be found in the home store.
only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central city would be likely to destroy this preference- and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change, gloomily foreseen by so many urban diagnosticians, is actually upon us.
some retailing, of course, always spreads with the population- grocery stores, drugstores, local haberdasheries and dress shops, candy stores and the like.
telephone orders distort the picture: the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement, especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax.
the artistic generation after Brumidi was trained in the Paris of that time to a more meticulous standard of execution, and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find.
the descent may be remote, but this is surely the only full-scale example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States.
the downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety, both within its gates and across the street, where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind.
the drive along Massachusetts' Route 128, the by-pass which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston, may be a vision of the future.
the fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical, that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown, and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches.
the first superhighways- New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore, San Francisco's Bay Bridge and its approaches, a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression.
the future could be worse.
the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming harder to find every year.
the open ceiling, with allegorical and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky: the closed frieze, formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls, belong in their large ordering to the line of Correggio and his Baroque followers.
the plants along Route 128 are mostly well designed and nicely set against the New England rocks and trees.
the suburban branch is thereby credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened.
then, advised by the Architect of the Capitol, the Joint Committee for the Library, traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building, ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco, to show" the Peace after the Civil War"," the Spanish-American War", and" the Birth of Aviation", to match as nearly as feasible Brumidi's technique and composition.
these stores are still there, but the volume of the" downtown store" has been on a relative decline, while in many cities the suburban" branch" sells more and more dry goods.
these were carried out not too faithfully by Filippo Costaggini, who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil, in Italian, that he" began at this point".
they are segregated businesses, combining again on one site the factory and the office, drawing their work force from segregated communities.
they can even be rather grand, like Edward Land's monument to the astonishing success of Polaroid.
though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief, they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown.
to the extent that the problem is merely parking, an aggressive downtown management, like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus, Ohio, can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door.
today, according to land economist Homer Hoyt, shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land, which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's Central Business Districts put together.
was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree.
what follows is therefore a description of three separate undertakings, the new frescoing of the gap, and the successive essays in conservation, with some discussion of problems that arose in connection with each.
what hurts most is the damage the automobile has done to central-city retailing, especially in those cities where public transit is feeble.
when Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over.
when all has been said, however, the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing.
I am equally impatient with the shrug of the shoulder, shake of the head of those who no longer care because they have known it for so long;
I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U&S&S&R&.
I can well understand your curiosity.
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue.
I could not bring myself to answer that" some of my best friends are non-propagating mules".
I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience.
Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes.
a chance remark about Lenin 's sealed train brought the rejoinder that this was a myth akin to George Washington's cherry tree.
a little of the" secco" came off.
a struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest.
after a while we were perhaps less surprised, but still puzzled, when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons.
almost as if I were talking about something quite unreal.
altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate, especially Brumidi 's.
apparently not more than dusting had ever been done, and not much of that.
apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively, or at least dispassionately, to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments.
artists and poets are the raw nerve-ends of humanity;
as American artists, it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible.
but today we were aware of only two men.
by themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet, but without them there would be very little left worth saving.
difficult as it may have been at times, Pozzatti and I saw enough, talked to enough artists, historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear.
even though we did not see many of your faces, it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard, from those whom we had the fortune to encounter, that we had been in your midst.
here the Architect, referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building, not a museum, requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect, rather than leaving blank, unsightly patches.
if this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union, it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view.
if we thus spent our very first day in the midst of a large number of your people honoring a new hero and a great national achievement, our last day, to us at least, was equally impressive and very moving, even though the crowds were absent and there was almost complete silence.
instead, we became involved in a series of friendly, but overly formal, welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind.
it cannot be said that our very first day in the Soviet Union turned out to be an ordinary one.
it is a matter of some disappointment to me that still many of my own countrymen are too shortsighted to ascribe any symbolic significance to the plight of a minority, such as artists, in any social order.
it is my hope that this written message and report will reach you through the good offices of the Union of Soviet Artists.
it may well be that, when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring, you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked.
just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer, a contemporary of the dead poet, who is known for his ability of manipulating his ideas and his craft more advantageously.
necessary retouching was put on at once.
nevertheless I consider it reasonable, because of my commitment as an artist, to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific geo-political interests.
no wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence, namely, Cultural Exchange.
on that cold, but bright, April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin.
one had taken a flight into uncharted space, in the service of science, to return as a living hero.
personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and, in turn, the voice as well.
that which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction.
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word" Revolution";
the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorance who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons.
the flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero.
the grave, about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church, rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green, the sounds of birds, the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests.
the greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above, soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime, very conspicuous even after cleaning, particularly in the" Landing of Columbus"," Oglethorpe and the Indians", and" Yorktown".
the other had assumed the right to explore the equally uncharted space of the human spirit.
the plaster was sound, the intonaco firmly attached all over, and the pigment solidly incorporated with it in all but a few unimportant places.
the prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity.
the socialist environment, it was stated, had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit.
the terms of friendship, understanding, cooperation, etc&, tend to become somewhat shopworn because of constant and indiscriminate use.
the time-span of little more than a month cannot entitle me to pose as an expert on anything I saw.
theories of the behavior pattern of population masses were compared to scientific discoveries concerning the motion-pattern of gaseous masses.
there should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter.
these frescos have had no care for eighty years.
these two recollections form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which, to me at least, symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism.
they are small in number and their contribution is not immediately decisive in everyday life.
this kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to.
this letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful.
those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me.
too much damage is done by" experts" who have spent even less time, if any at all, in the U&S&S&R&.
typical of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists.
we had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists.
we stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor.
we were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring.
we, ourselves, are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live.
when I speculated on one such occasion that the new growth, like other mutations, might be unable to propagate, I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice.
with naked gas jets below and leaky windows above, enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium, they have survived, in a building long unheated in winter, hot and damp under the iron dome in summer.
" are people happy, are they as satisfied, unconsciously, as they believe themselves to be?
( he in effect does say this in his discussion of the pseudo-happiness of the automaton conformist.
) starting from this, and accepting his estimate of the iniquities of modern society, it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a work-satisfaction survey which reported widespread, stated worker satisfaction, rather than widespread, stated worker dissatisfaction.
Eric Hoffer, for example, once said that America was a paradise- the only one in the history of the world- for workingmen and small children.
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945, in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work, while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount.
Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread.
and today's trade unions announce pretty much the same view.
another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics: he cites such survey-type findings just three times.
aside from Boris himself, one need but examine the secondary roles to place Mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture.
consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action: Pimen, Varlaam, Missail and the Jesuit Rangoni.
considering the nature of man, and the conditions for happiness, this can hardly be so".
even then, the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance.
even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities, defined with economical precision.
for Fromm, capitalism is the enemy, the root of all evil.
for example, he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction: in the first study, 85 per cent of professionals and executives, 64 per cent of white collar people, and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs;
furthermore, the list is interesting for its omissions.
giving most of his musical continuity to the orchestra, he lets the speech fall into place as if by coincidence, but controlling the pace and emphasis of the words.
glance at the list: Burckhardt, Tolstoy, Proudhon, Thoreau, London, Marx, Tawney, Mayo, Durkheim, Tannenbaum, Mumford, A& R& Heron, Huxley, Schweitzer, and Einstein.
he concludes that these data show a" remarkably high" percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers.
he finds it equally" remarkable that their critical diagnosis and prognosis should have so much in common among themselves and with the critics of the twentieth century".
he has his cake and eats it too: if the workers say they are dissatisfied, this shows conscious alienation;
he seems to use the term alienation in two different ways.
if one characteristic distinguishes < Boris Godunov >, it is the consistency with which every person on the stage- including the chorus- comes alive in the music.
if they say they are satisfied, this shows unconscious alienation.
in a brief chapter dealing with" Various Other Diagnoses", he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own, and finds it" most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth **h".
in the second study, the percentages were 86 for professionals, 74 for managerial persons, 42 for commercial employees, 56 for skilled workers, and 48 for semi-skilled workers.
in this he followed a path that led back to the very source of opera;
in view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion, and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology, such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously.
it also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings.
it is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes.
it is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion.
it is of course useful to have a sovereign cause in one's social criticism, for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be.
it omits, for example, practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics, nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious, and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists.
moreover, the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible.
much of this lifelike quality results from Mussorgsky's care in basing his vocal line on natural speech inflections.
of course, the list also excludes all writers who are fairly" optimistic" about the modern situation;
one can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear.
one might use such findings to indicate the strength of informal primary associations in the factory, an interpretation which would run counter to Fromm's theory of alienation.
one such instance has already been presented: his use of alienation.
or, he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low: after all, the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount;
otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion- Boris' first monologue, for example.
sometimes he uses it as a subjective, descriptive term, and sometimes as an objective, diagnostic one.
starting from other value premises than Fromm 's, some analysts might conclude that the percentages really tell us very little at all, while others might even conclude that the figures are remarkably low.
such composers as Monteverdi, Lully and Purcell, with the same goal in mind, had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages.
that is one way to read the findings, but again there are other ways.
that is, sometimes it is used to < describe felt > human misery, and other times it is postulated to < explain unfelt > anxiety and discontent.
the ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought.
the failure to keep these two usages distinct presents hazards to the reader.
the final example of the failure to use available evidence, though evidence of a different kind from that which has so far been considered, comes from Fromm's treatment of some other writers who have dealt with the same themes.
the method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that.
the moments of sung melody, in the usual sense, come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing, as in folk songs and liturgical chants.
the only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism.
the point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations, and which rests on certain ethical absolutes, empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment.
there is a difference between evidence and illustration, and Fromm's citation of the other diagnosticians fits the latter category.
there is nothing remarkable about this at all.
these, almost by definition, are spokesmen for an alienated ideology.
this is a delightfully motley collection.
this sort of manipulation is especially troublesome in Fromm's work because, although his system is derived largely from certain philosophic convictions, he asserts that it is based on empirical findings drawn both from social science and from his own consulting room.
through long experimentation in his songs, Mussorgsky developed a Russian recitative as different from others as the language itself.
thus, in the example cited above Fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously, unknowingly, of fulfillment, and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious, experienced frustrations.
turning from these problems of the use of evidence, one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis, which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms.
what matters is that while Fromm 's reading of the data is not the only one possible, it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied.
when alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category, for example, it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it.
while the" empirical psychoanalytic" label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy, it does increase the marketability of his product.
" hey, Mityukh", asks one group," what are we shouting about"?
" seeing the Moon Rise" is dated August, 1927.
( Mussorgsky cleverly contrasts the two groups by their orchestral accompaniment, solemn chords or mocking staccatos.
) there is still more news, Mityukh announces: they have prayed for the soul of the Tsarevich.
< Satires of Circumstance > and < Moments of Vision, > coming during his most productive decade, are relatively self-contained;
< poems of the Past and the Present > and < Time's Laughingstocks, > both published while Hardy was at work on < The Dynasts, > draw heavily on poems written before 1900.
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force.
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people, those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes.
SO FAR THESE remarks, like most criticisms of Hardy, have tacitly assumed that his poetry is all of a piece, one solid mass of verse expressing a sensibility at a single stage of development.
about a quarter of Hardy's poems carry an appended date line, usually the year of completion, but sometimes inclusive years (" 1908-1910" ) or two separate dates when Hardy worked on the poem (" 1905 and 1926" ) or an approximate date (" During the War" ).
again, as Boris feels himself nearing death, a procession files into the hall singing a hymn, its modal harmonies adding a churchly touch to the grim atmosphere: @ The words are hardly calculated to put the Tsar's mind at ease.
and Mityukh, apparently the intellectual leader of the crowd, replies that he has no notion.
and though in his later years he revised his poems many times, the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty;
but resumed it later" ).
even in its most conventional appearance, the guests' song of praise to Marina, there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness.
for critics, Hardy has had no poetic periods- one does not speak of early Hardy or late Hardy, or of the London or Max Gate period, but simply of Hardy, as of a poetic monolith.
from the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry, always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative.
gave up verse for prose, 1868-70;
he had two productive periods, one in the late 1860's, the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period, and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ).
hot arguments arise between tenors and basses, who will sing in harmony only when they agree on an idea.
in Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks, heard from offstage, not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young Grigori's thoughts and his situation.
in a time when poetic style, and poetic belief as well, seem in a state of continual flux, Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency.
in addition, it is an important link in the plot, giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward Boris and the false Dimitri.
in many passages- for example, the council of boyars- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion.
in the later poems, however, the personal tone predominates.
in the orchestra we hear first a hushed, hesitant < pizzicato > figure, then the insistent" police" motif as it appeared in the opening scene.
one might expect that in a poetic career of seventy-odd years, some changes in style and method would have occurred, some development taken place.
one of the outstanding assets of the present production is the restoration of the St& Basil's scene, usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score.
so that, while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy, it is difficult to date one.
the St& Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square, the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny.
the bad early poems are bad Shakespeare or bad Swinburne;
the bad late poems are bad Hardy.
the dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes, and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time.
the dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant, his production was not.
the first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation, before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for < Who 's Who > he wrote that he" wrote verses 1865-1868;
the former contains no poem dated before 1909-10- that is, no poem from a period covered by a previous volume- and the latter has only a few such.
the internal organization rarely has any chronological order, except in obvious groups like the" Poems of Pilgrimage", the" Poems of 1912-13", and the war poems.
the jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return;
the last three volumes are again more dependent on the past, as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age.
the living as well as the dead now accuse him;
the mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel.
the opening scene shows this method at its most individual.
the service is over, and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead.
the" sober opinion" of his letter to Noyes, written when Hardy was eighty years old, is essentially that of his first" philosophical" notebook entry, made when he was twenty-five:" the world does not despise us: it only neglects us" ( < Early Life, > p& 63 ).
then the people strike up their song with even more fervor than before, ending it with a wail of despair.
there are two ways of getting at a poet's development: through his dated poems, and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work.
there is a quick change from the plaintive song to a conversational tone.
there is only one Hardy style, but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident, and when it is not, the style is the style of another poet, or of the fashion of the time.
there is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development: he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his.
there was one sterile period: only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and, except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887, very few from 1882 to 1890.
these dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems, since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other.
these observations about Hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them.
they are held in control by force, but barely.
they bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated;
they echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who" trembles and begs for mercy- and there is no mercy".
they will kneel and plead for Boris' leadership in a strangely intense song, its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath, but when the police with their cudgels move away, they mock and grumble and fight among themselves.
this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one.
this is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and Grigori's vehement outburst against Boris.
this is met with scorn by the hearers, who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk.
this is not, however, the case, and development is a term which we can apply to Hardy only in a very limited sense.
this seems odd when one recalls that he wrote poetry longer than any other major English poet:" Domicilium" is dated" between 1857 and 1860";
though brief, it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy.
though he struggled with philosophy all his life, he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties;
with the exception of < Satires of Circumstance, > each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( < Winter Words > spans sixty-one years );
Dylan Thomas's verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews.
Horace's column of imperishable verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of Augustan Rome.
I believe rather that it is due to the catastrophic world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value.
I do not believe that this is due to anything especially frightful about their relationship to their own creativity.
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well, although, because of the nature of music, it is not demonstrable- at least not conclusively.
I want to make clear what I consider the one technical development in the first wave of significant post-war arts.
Parker and Pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world.
Parker certainly had much more of an influence.
Thomas and Parker have more in common than theme, attitude, life pattern.
Thomas certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world.
Thomas is a regression from the technical originality and ingenuity of writers like Pierre Reverdy or Apollinaire.
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves.
Thomas's principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude- that of the now extinct British romantic school of the New Apocalypse- Henry Treece, J& F& Hendry, and others- all of whom were quite conventional poets.
a poem by Dylan Thomas, a saxophone solo by Charles Parker, a painting by Jackson Pollock- these are pure confabulations as ends in themselves.
again, contrary to popular belief, there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either musically or emotionally.
and there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz, no matter how progressive, and Dixieland, than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies.
art may have been for him the most enduring, orderly, and noble activity of man.
as artists, they were very similar.
as the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven, I believe his art became meaningless to him.
both of them did communicate one central theme: against the ruin of the world, there is only one defense- the creative act.
but the other activities of his life partook of these values.
but this fluent, enchanting utterance had, compared with important artists of the past, relatively little content.
confabulation has come to determine structure.
contrary to popular belief, they were not great technical innovators.
emotionally it does not resemble Berlioz or Wagner;
he may have been eccentric in his behavior, but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles.
he was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens.
his sinuous melody is a sort of nai^ve transcendence of all experience.
in fact, his only disciple- the only person to imitate his style- was W& S& Graham, who seems to have imitated him without much understanding, and who has since moved on to other methods.
in modern jazz, the saxophone is treated as a woodwind and played with conventional embouchure.
in the practice of their art, there is an obvious technical resemblance.
it is much more a personal difference.
it is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what Thomas did to poetry.
it is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
it is the theme of Horace, who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas.
it is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously, or at least is continuously sprung, so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe.
it resembles Mozart.
just as Hart Crane had little influence on anyone except very reactionary writers- like Allen Tate, for instance, to whom Valery was the last word in modern poetry and the felicities of an Apollinaire, let alone a Paul Eluard were nonsense- so Dylan Thomas's influence has been slight indeed.
metrically, Thomas's verse was extremely conventional, as was, incidentally, the verse of that other tragic enrage, Hart Crane.
music, of course, is not so explicit an art, but anybody who knew Charlie Parker knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift.
neither of them got very far beyond a sort of entranced rapture at his own creativity.
now Dylan Thomas and Charlie Parker have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end.
ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure.
partly this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication.
similarly, the innovations of bop, and of Parker particularly, have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music, especially by that ignoramus, the intellectual jitterbug, the jazz aficionado.
technique pure and simple, rendition, is not of major importance, but it is interesting that Parker, following Lester Young, was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution.
the difference is that Horace accepted his theme with a kind of silken assurance.
the immediate theme, if it exists, is incidental, and his main theme- the terror of birth- is simply reiterated.
the insistent talk-aboutiveness of the general environment obtrudes into even the most idyllic poetry.
the metaphysical conceits, which fascinate the Reactionary Generation still dominant in backwater American colleges, were embroideries.
the principal theme of Thomas's poetry was the ambivalence of birth and death- the pain of blood-stained creation.
the special syntactical effects of a Rimbaud or an Edith Sitwell- actually ornaments- become the main concern.
the tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries.
their effects are only superficially startling.
they did not actively negate them.
they were both very fluent.
this is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music.
this is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out.
this is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock.
this is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody- Benny Carter, Johnny Hodges.
this, of course, is the theme of much art- perhaps most poetry.
to Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror.
uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite- the sterile, extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals, or present blight of poetic professors.
what Parker and his contemporaries- Gillespie, Davis, Monk, Roach ( Tristano is an anomaly ), etc&- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure, of which it then became an integral part, and with which it then developed.
( 7 ) Such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark, were it not that in < Great Expectations >, as in no other of Dickens' novels, hands serve as a < leitmotif > of plot and theme- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them.
< Beowulf > and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions.
Achilles, like Siegfried in the < Nibelungenlied >, is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle.
Albert B& Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild, and Magoun argues that the < Beowulf > poet and Cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion.
Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition;
Carl Eduard Schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems, and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times.
Combellack argues further, and here he makes his main point, that once the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey > are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry, Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found arable.
Dickens not only reveals character through gesture, he makes hands a crucial element of the plot, a means of clarifying the structure of the novel by helping to define the hero's relations with all the major characters, and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt, pursuit, crime, greed, education, materialism, enslavement ( by both people and institutions ), friendship, romantic love, forgiveness, and redemption.
Dickens was not for nothing the most theatrical of the great Victorian writers.
Miss Havisham 's withered hands, heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them, move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick.
Pumblechook's" signature" is the perpetually extended glad hand.
RECENT CRITICISM OF < Great Expectations > has tended to emphasize its symbolic and mythic content, to show, as M& D& Zabel has said of Dickens generally, that much of the novel's impact resides in its" allegoric insight and moral metaphor".
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together.
a formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection.
a long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things, and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate.
a ship at dry-dock could be called a foamy-necked floater in Anglo-Saxon or a swift ship in Greek.
at some stage in their evolution they were transcribed.
even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be < Gar-Dene > ( as their king is Hrothgar ) and Priam would be |e|u|m|m|e|l|i|h|s.
he knew instinctively that next to voice and face an actor's hands are his most useful possession- that in fiction as in the theatre, gesture is an indispensable shorthand for individualizing character and dramatizing action and response.
if Cynewulf was literate, the < Beowulf > poet may have been also, and so may the final redactor of the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey >.
if any words or phrases are formulaic, they will be.
if the master of scops who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional, he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements.
in < Coriolanus > the agnomen of Marcius is used deliberately and pointedly, but the Homeric epithets and the Anglo-Saxon kennings are used casually and recall to the hearer" a familiar story or situation or a useful or pleasant quality of the referent".
in < Great Expectations > the hands become almost an obsession.
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus, and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation.
in determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle, however, to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety, for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs.
in his analysis, however, he touches upon but fails to explore an idea, generally neglected in discussions of the book, which I believe is central to its art- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative.
in lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard, one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited, and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing, and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past.
it is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of < Beowulf > such effects as intentional irony.
it is hardly accidental, therefore, that many of his most vivid figures do suggestive or eccentric things with their hands.
it was partly his master.
j& H& Miller's excellent chapter on < Great Expectations > has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective.
mr& Jaggers habitually bites his forefinger, a gesture which conveys both contempt and the inscrutable abstractedness that half fascinates, half terrifies all who have dealings with him.
no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of Heorot or the palace of Priam.
nouns and adjectives in a written tradition are chosen for the nonce;
old Mr& Pocket's frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless, social-climbing wife is to" put his two hands into his disturbed hair" and" make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it", ( 23 ) whereas Joe Gargery endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs& Joe by apologetically drawing" the back of his hand across and across his nose".
once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity, they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts.
other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory: < Beowulf > may contain a design for terror, and the < Iliad > may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric Period in pottery.
reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem;
so it is with < Great Expectations >, whether the hands be Orlick's as he strikes down Mrs& Gargery or Pip's as he steals a pie from her pantry.
such associations suit well with the gothic or mystery-story aspects of Dickens' novel, but, on a deeper plane, they relate to the themes of sin, guilt, and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics.
the < Iliad > has two words for the shield, |a|s|p|i|s and |s|a|k|o|s.
the account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly, however, upon the degree to which they were formulaic.
the closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets;
the epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet;
the language, however, is a proper object of scrutiny, and the effects of the language are palpable even if sometimes inevitable.
the novel opens with a fugitive convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being" laid hands on"- ( 3 ) a mysterious figure who looks into Pip 's frightened eyes in the churchyard" as if he were eluding the hands of the dead people, stretching up cautiously out of their graves, to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in".
the poet's intentions are difficult to discern and, except to biographers, unimportant;
the ratio is thoroughly remarkable, because the lines are so long- half again as long as those of < Beowulf >.
there is no reason to think that the scop used and re-used whole lines and even lengthy passages after the manner of his Homeric colleague.
this essay seeks to make that exploration.
this explanation is attractive, but is vitiated at least in part by the observation that Cynewulf, though he used kennings in the traditional manner, was a literate man who four times inscribed his name by runes into his works.
this observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry.
thus one line in five from the < Iliad > and the < Odyssey > is to be found somewhere else in the two poems.
time-servers though the periphrastic expressions are, they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous.
to the extent that a language is formulaic, its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches.
to the extent that a tale is twice told, its final author must be suspect, although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard < modus dicendi >.
true, we do not know how they were regarded in their day, but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases.
w& F& Bryan suggests that certain kennings in < Beowulf > were selected sometimes for appropriateness and sometimes for ironic inappropriateness, but such a view would appear untenable unless it is denied that the language of < Beowulf > is formulaic.
we have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the policeman-murderer in Thomas Burke's famous story," The Hands of Mr& Ottermole", to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment.
with a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions, no expression can be deemed < le mot juste > for its context, because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow.
words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers, sometimes accurate and sometimes not.
yet they are written;
yet, if the argument is turned awry, there may be found a great deal in Bryan's view, after all.
#DECLARATIVE STATEMENTS# Autocoder declarative statements provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operations properly.
( this method does not apply to electronic switches.
) the preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase program, particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement.
7070 Autocoder includes the following declarative statements: DA ( Define Area ), DC ( Define Constant ), DRDW ( Define Record Definition Word ), DSW ( Define Switch ), DLINE ( Define Line ), EQU ( Equate ), CODE, DTF ( Define Tape File ), DIOCS ( Define Input Control System ), and DUF ( Descriptive Entry for Unit Records ).
DA, DC, DTF, and DLINE require more than one entry.
DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used, and to name the index words used by IOCS.
_ DIOCS- DEFINE INPUT CONTROL SYSTEM_ When the Input Control System is to be used in a program, a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used.
_1._ During the assignment pass, each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch.
_2._ If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statement ( see page 99 ), the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved.
_3._ If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area _A._ by means of an actual label or _B._ by means of an ORIGIN statement which refers to an < actual address > the corresponding index word will be reserved.
_SOURCE PROGRAM FORMAT_ The basic format of the DIOCS statement is as follows: @ ANYLABEL is any symbolic label;
a DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used.
a full description of the DIOCS, DTF, and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing system Bulletin" IBM 7070 Input Control System", form J28-6033-1.
also, index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment.
an RDW will be of the form **f, where xxxx is the starting location of the area and yyyy is its ending location.
an individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired.
as many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the DSW statement for consideration by the SETSW and LOGIC macro-instructions.
as noted in Appendix C, index words 97 through 99 are < never > available for assignment to symbolic names by the compiler;
brief descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the formats and functions of each of the other 7070 Autocoder declarative statements follow below.
declarative statements are never executed in the object program and should be separated from the program instruction area, placed preferably at its beginning or end.
each switch occupies one digit position in a word, can be set ON or OFF, and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch.
each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications, produced by DTFS.
extreme caution should be used, however, to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address.
if the compiler does encounter such statements, a warning message will be issued.
if the compiler finds that there are no more electronic switches available for assignment, the warning message" NO MORE ELECTRONIC SWITCHES AVAILABLE" will be placed in the object program listing, the table will be altered to show that electronic switches 1 through 30 are available, and assignment will continue as before.
if the first item in the operand is omitted, the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned.
if the second item in the operand is omitted, the symbolic name IOCSIXG will be assigned.
if the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement ( see page 101 ), the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available, regardless of the method by which it was reserved.
if, at any time during the assignment pass, the compiler finds that there are no more index words available for assignment, the warning message" NO MORE INDEX WORDS AVAILABLE" will be placed in the object program listing, the table will be altered to show that index words 1 through 96 are available, and the assignment will continue as before.
in addition to information related to the file and its records, the File Specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information.
in some cases, it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage, i&e&, not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas.
in the midwest, oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas.
it cannot, however, be referred to by electronic switch commands, e&g&, ESN, BSN, etc&.
it may be omitted.
it will not, however, be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time.
otherwise, special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction.
otherwise, symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words.
research at Fayette, Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb BOD.
since the 7070 and 7074 make use of record definition words ( RDWS ) to read, write, move, and otherwise examine blocks of storage, the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically.
the DA statement is used to name and define the positions and length of fields within an area.
the DC statement is used to name and enter constants into the object program.
the DIOCS, DTF, and DUF statements are used when required by the Input Control System.
the DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining < any > area specified by the programmer.
the DRDW statement may be used for this purpose.
the DUF also supplies the locations of subroutines written by the user that are unique to the file.
the area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of EDMOV or MOVE macro-instructions.
the area may include constant information supplied by the programmer.
the declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words, electronic switches, arm and file numbers, tape channel and unit numbers, alteration switches, etc&, and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address.
the entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown.
the first item in the operand, IOCSIXF, is used to specify the first IOCS index word for programs using tape files.
the high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume.
the resultant conflicting usage of index words or electronic switches may be avoided by reducing the number of symbolic names used, e&g&, through the proper use of the EQU, XRELEASE, or SRELEASE statements.
the second item in the operand, IOCSIXG, is used to specify the second IOCS index word for programs using tape files.
the third applies only to index words.
these addresses are calculated automatically by the processor.
these entries should normally appear at the beginning of the program or immediately following each LITORIGIN statement.
this item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3-94.
this item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3-94.
this statement also allows the naming of the index words used by IOCS.
through use of the DLINE statement, a means is provided for specifying both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself.
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified, Autocoder will equate IOCSIXG to it.
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified, Autocoder will equate the name IOCSIXF to it.
when so instructed, Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area(s ) with which they are to be associated.
when such a reference is found, an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment.
#NECESSITY FOR AN OVER-ALL CONCEPT# Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut.
#OXIDATION POND# During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted.
#OXYGEN TRANSFER# One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator.
a series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate.
a single 24- hr composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg l, indicating a typical domestic sewage.
a sixth element, not always considered, is intelligence.
a unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and, if public support is gained, will command Congressional support.
an extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water.
an over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends.
an over-all concept would have other advantages.
as the temperature decreased, the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa decreased.
at no time were algae found in the mixed liquor.
but as the temperature rose, the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly.
consequently, air, surface, and submarine elements overshadow the mine, fixed installations, and intelligence.
during the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD 's in the effluent were 18 and 16 mg l. thus, the three main categories of antisubmarine warfare operations are defense of shipping, defense of naval forces, and area defense.
each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others.
five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover.
fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection.
industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how.
initially, the flagellated protozoa predominated, but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa.
intelligence on the environment will come from the recently augmented program in oceanography.
it includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment.
it was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected, but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen.
it was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond.
it would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach.
lacking guidance, industry picks its own areas.
mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets.
now the problem is presented piecemeal and sometimes contradictorily.
only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor.
operational intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies;
proponents of single elements tend to ensure predominance of that element without determining if it is justified, and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance.
routine determinations were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates.
shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate.
submarines and shore installations are new elements.
surface forces have been used to provide defense zones around naval and merchant ship formations, air to furnish area surveillance, and mines for protection of limited areas.
the BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg l. microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather.
the added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity.
the bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc.
the daily sewage volume to the oxidation pond averaged 147,000 gpd, giving a retention period of 42 days.
the data given in Table 2, show the routine operation of the aerator.
the dissolved oxygen in the aeration unit was consistently high until January 29, 1961.
the effluent BOD averaged 34 mg l, a little lower than that of the study at Fayette indicated for a loading of 60 lb BOD.
the floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out.
the last category overlaps the others in amphibious operations and near terminals and bases.
the location of the oxidation pond in a high-value residential area makes odor nuisances a sensitive problem for the developer.
the major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting.
the maximum rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0 mg l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb at a maximum rate of 9.3 mg l hr. the actual power requirements indicated 2 lb oxygen transfer hr hp. the polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent, indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface.
the organic concentration in the influent raw sewage ranged from 160 to 270 mg l of BOD with an average of 230 mg l. the BOD data are given in Table 4,.
the organic loading on the pond was slightly under 60 lb BOD.
the predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population.
the rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0- mg l dissolved oxygen concentration and 10' C for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3,.
the result can only be confusion in the public mind.
the result, coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous, is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas.
the submarine now has a definite place in submarine defense particularly in denying enemy access to ocean areas.
then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be channeled to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective.
therefore, a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts, for a logical presentation to the public, for industry's guidance, and as a basis for a program to the Congress.
these have sought more and more of what they have.
this is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense, one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities.
this, despite postwar experience demonstrating that all elements are necessarily mutually supporting.
thus, the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed.
to effect these operations, five elements exist ( 1 ) surface, ( 2 ) air, ( 3 ) mines, ( 4 ) submarine, and ( 5 ) fixed installations.
very little protozoa activity existed below 40' F. when the temperature reached 32' F all protozoan activity ceased;
when the algae began to build up again, the effluent BOD rose.
while one element is announcing progress, another is delineating its problems.
## < Fixed installations > are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges.
## < Mine warfare > has in the past been directed against surface targets.
## < The submarine > has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system.
( b& D& Coleman with Walter Noll, Department of Mathematics, Carnegie Institute of Technology ) _VISCOELASTIC MEASUREMENTS_- An extensive series of measurements was made on a high-density polyethylene in a torsion pendulum instrument using forced sinusoidal oscillation, free vibration, and creep measurements over the temperature range of **f to 80 'C&.
( e& F& Casassa, H& J& Notarius ) #CONTINUUM MECHANICS AND VISCOELASTICITY# _THEORY OF NON-NEWTONIAN FLUIDS_- On the basis of a differentiability assumption in function space, it is possible to prove that, for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients, the classical theory of infinitesimal viscoelasticity is valid when the deformation has been infinitesimal for all times in the past.
( e& G& Erdo^s, C& D& Mackey, A& G& Renfrew, W& B& Severs, E& M& Sloane ) _SEED PROTEINS_- In a physiochemical study of seed proteins, the globulins of the Brazil nut have been investigated.
( e& G& Erdo^s, L& E& Boggs, C& D& Mackey ) _BIOPHYSICAL STUDIES ON MODIFIED FIBROUS PROTEINS_- Electron-microscopical and physical-chemical methods were used to demonstrate the renaturation of heat-denatured collagen and ribonucleic acid.
( n& H& Sloane;
( r& V& Rice ) A method was devised for extracting and purifying soluble earthworm collagen ( EWC ).
( r& V& Rice, M& D& Maser ) _STUDIES ON PEPTIDES AND PEPTIDASES_- This investigation involved several aspects.
) _STUDIES ON ESTERASES_- Research on esterases in mammalian sera was continued.
a most attractive feature is that detection and attack are combined in a single package.
a water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight ( ca& 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized.
all 28 carbons of metabolite 1, ( a product of mild acid hydrolysis of 2, ) arise from PABA.
and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied.
as many as seven decades of the time scale were thus covered isothermally.
but the submarine is a weapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being ambushed.
by its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have required considerably greater counter-efforts.
by strengthening the differentiability assumption, it has been possible to derive second and higher order theories of viscoelasticity.
chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of K&G& Untch.
effective employment will reduce force requirements.
experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions.
for example, effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense, inshore patrol, convoy escort, shipping control, and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico.
for fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems.
fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base.
furthermore, the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera, and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to arylesterase.
high-voltage electrophoresis and paper chromatography were used in preliminary structural studies;
in addition to the known principal globulin, excelsin, three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed.
in addition, proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system.
in an over-all ASW concept, dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities.
in the second-order theory, one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function.
investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further.
it operates in its target's environment, and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker.
it was observed that EWC macromolecules are the same diameter ( 15 A ) but much longer ( up to several microns ) than vertebrate tropocollagen.
metabolite 1, isolated from the medium, however, showed a lower specific activity, which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite.
mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets.
mines can be used to deny access to great areas;
mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment, extended to deep water, and have their effective area per unit increased.
mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets, since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target.
more extended systems, covering all passage into the Caribbean, would free the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico from the previously listed requirements.
no general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined.
one of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma arylesterases to rare earth ions.
pharmacological effects < in vitro > on isolated surviving organs and < in vivo > on blood pressure were assayed;
preliminary evidence tentatively indicates that the molecule ( metabolite 1, ) is cleaved at a secondary amide bond.
selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities.
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman, W& C& Barnes, J& F& Reiss );
substance Z, an active urinary peptide, was purified by extraction in organic solvents and repeated column chromatography;
such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success.
such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically.
systems covering the Gulf of St& Lawrence and possibly the entire coasts of the United States are not impossible.
systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive, although they can be only" burglar alarms".
the 7 carbons of PABA are incorporated directly into metabolite 2, ( as shown with both ring-labeled and carboxy-labeled **f ).
the advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements.
the effects can be related to the structure of this - SH enzyme.
the inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts.
the non-identity of serum and red blood cell arylesterase was also established.
the proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts.
they are difficult to counter, cost little to maintain until required, and can be put into place quickly.
they are still considered to be for use in restricted waters, however, and targets must come within a few yards of them.
thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from PABA.
this unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation.
two metabolites ( 1, and 2, ) of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from PABA.
various metal ions have been found to protect plasma arylesterase against inactivation by urea and guanidine.
vigorous acid hydrolysis of metabolite 1, destroyed the biological activity of the compound and liberated two aryl amines.
#.
#.
( metal data will not be included in the second edition, since these have been collected independently by W& B& Pearson, National Research Council, Ottawa, and published as A HANDBOOK OF LATTICE SPACINGS AND STRUCTURES OF METALS AND ALLOYS by Pergamon Press.
) _PROPERTIES:_ Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented.
CRYSTAL DATA# _ORGANIZATION:_ The present edition of CRYSTAL DATA was written by J&D&H& Donnay, the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md& ( Part 2, ) and Werner Nowacki, University of Berne, Switzerland ( Part 1, ) with the collaboration of Gabrielle Donnay, U& S& Geological Survey, Washington, D& C&.
CRYSTAL STRUCTURES# _ORGANIZATION:_ The author of CRYSTAL STRUCTURES is Ralph W&G& Wyckoff, University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona.
_CRITICALITY:_ Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors.
_CRITICALITY:_ The aim was to state the results of < all > available determinations of atomic positions in crystals.
_CRITICALITY:_ The vast number of compounds to be covered, the limited resources to do the job, and the immediate need for this type of compilation precluded a thorough evaluation of all available data in the present edition.
_CURRENCY:_ A second edition is in preparation, and there are long range plans for a third.
_CURRENCY:_ This publication covers the old literature ( Groth );
_FORMAT:_ Data in the present edition are presented in tables and lists.
_FORMAT:_ The publication form is that of clothbound books.
_PROPERTIES:_ The Barker system is based on the use of the smallest number of interfacial angles necessary for indexing purposes.
_PROPERTIES:_ The data presented are derived almost entirely from X-ray diffraction measurements and include atomic coordinates, cell dimensions, and atomic and ionic radii.
_PUBLICATION AND DISTRIBUTION:_ The BARKER INDEX is published for the Barker Index Committee by W& Heffer + Sons, Ltd&, 3-4 Petty Cury, Cambridge, England.
_PUBLICATION AND DISTRIBUTION:_ The present edition of CRYSTAL DATA ( **f ), published in 1954 as Memoir 60 of the Geological Society of America, is now out of print.
_SOURCES OF DATA:_ Part 1, of the present edition covers the literature to mid-1948;
_SOURCES OF DATA:_ Published literature.
_SOURCES OF DATA:_ The index is essentially a new treatment of previously compiled morphological data.
_SUBSTANCES:_ Elements, alloys, inorganic and organic compounds.
_SUBSTANCES:_ Elements, inorganic and organic compounds ( no alloys ).
_USE OF NOMENCLATURE, SYMBOLS, UNITS, PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:_ Accepted crystallographic symbolism has been used;
_USE OF NOMENCLATURE, SYMBOLS, UNITS, PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:_ Since Parts 1, and 2, were prepared independently, the abbreviation schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts.
an alphabetical list of chemical and mineralogical names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description.
and Volume 2,, with about 3500 monoclinic substances.
cell dimensions, number of formula units per cell, space group, and specific gravity are given for all substances.
coeditors are J&D&H& Donnay, G& E& Cox of Leeds University, and Olga Kennard of the National Council for Medical Research, London.
financial grants have been received from the National Science Foundation and the ( British ) Institute of Physics for the compilation work and the publication costs.
for some substances, auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given.
future editions may be more critical.
many collaborators in the United States and Switzerland helped in collecting and assembling data, in making calculations, and in editing.
most of the data used are from Groth's CHEMISCHE KRYSTALLOGRAPHIE.
much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as STRUKTURBERICHT.
other morphological, physical, and optical property values are also given.
other symbols related to the index necessarily have been introduced.
part 1 in both volumes is labeled" Introduction and Tables".
part 1, deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation.
part 2 of Volume 1, and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2, contain the crystal descriptions.
part 2, contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances.
part 2,, up to the end of 1951.
preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American Crystallographic Association.
presumably the tabulated data are best available values.
references for Part 1, are given at the end and for Part 2, in the tables.
references to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions.
support came from academic and industrial groups in these two countries.
the Geological Society of America gave a grant-in-aid to complete the work and bore the expenses of publication.
the compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories.
the continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition.
the critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable.
the data are presented in lists and tables.
the first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960.
the manuscript of the second edition will probably be ready by the end of 1960.
the second edition should have greater uniformity.
the tables include those for the classification angles, refractive indices, and melting points of the various types of crystals.
the two volumes are available from the publisher for $16.80 and $28.00, respectively.
there are formula and name indexes covering both parts.
there is no mechanism for keeping the volumes up to date.
these are arranged according to crystal system.
these are grouped into sections according to the crystal system, and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's CHEMISCHE KRYSTALLOGRAPHIE.
though now complete, the publication is included in this directory because of its importance and because of the long-term nature of its preparation.
volume 1, containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951;
volume 2,, in three parts, in 1956.
volume 3,, in preparation, will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's CHEMISCHE KRYSTALLOGRAPHIE.
#FACTORS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SPOILAGE OF FOODS# The chief factors responsible for the spoilage of fresh foodstuffs are ( 1 ) microorganisms such as bacteria, molds, and yeasts, ( 2 ) enzymes, ( 3 ) insects, ( 4 ) sprouting, and ( 5 ) chemical reactions.
#GENERAL EFFECTS OF IONIZING RADIATION# Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or, at lower doses, can inhibit their action.
#PRESENT STATUS OF IRRADIATION PRESERVATION OF FOODS# The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and palatable product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time.
#RADIATION SOURCES# For irradiation of food, the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation, and X-ray, gamma, and high-energy electron radiation are suitable.
BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL CLASSES OF foods differ in their requirements for preservation, a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as dehydration, fermentation, salting, chemical treatment, canning, refrigeration, and freezing.
_2._ For radiopasteurization, to partially destroy microorganisms;
_3._ For destruction of insects- about 25,000 rads.
_4._ For inhibiting the sprouting of root vegetables- 4,000 to 10,000 rads.
_MEATS_ The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation.
_USE OF NOMENCLATURE, SYMBOLS, UNITS, PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:_ For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformed to a common language.
a number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability, however, at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels.
an early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled.
aside from availability and economic considerations, each has certain practical advantages;
because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically, and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location, the use of large central processing stations, where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized, is inherently impracticable.
because of undesirable flavors, odors, colors, and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude, the inactivation of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional heat-processing methods of blanching.
chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services.
commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment, as is military interest under peacetime conditions.
conventional energy for processing foods is available in the range of at most a few cents per kwhr for electric power and the equivalent of a few mills per kwhr for process steam.
costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes.
deactivation of enzymes is also possible, although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more.
enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability.
estimated production costs of radiation energy from machine and nuclide sources range from $1 to $10 per kwhr.
food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration.
foods for rear stations, which require cooking, but no refrigeration, are also of interest.
for example, gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated, whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated.
for them, providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration.
high nutritional value, variety, palatability, and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale.
in earlier years, the preservation of food was essentially related to survival.
in the more sophisticated atmosphere of today 's developed nations, food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety, peak freshness, and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the comsumer.
in this respect, the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has, to date, been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods.
in this way a degree of unification of nomenclature, symbols, and units will be realized.
insect infestation is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain.
interest remained, however, in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for counteracting spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing, or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations.
it furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats.
it has been estimated that for applications on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core.
it will, however, inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables.
less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes.
microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
moreover, the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little, if any, change, although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses.
no comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen.
of primary interest are meats.
of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as < Clostridium botulinum > which generate poisonous products.
of the potentially useful sources of ionizing radiations, gamma sources, cobalt-60, cesium-137, fission products, or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an indium salt have received most attention for food-preservation systems.
of the various particle accelerators, the Van de Graff machines, resonant transformers, and linear accelerators are the principal ones available for commercial use.
preserving foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable side effects, particularly at the higher radiation dosages.
radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food.
radiation, therefore, is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization.
radiopasteurization, which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products, has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items.
results vary with types of food, storage conditions, and objectives of treatment- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Mrads.
selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate, load factor, throughput, convenience, safety, and most important, costs.
spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment, as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity.
sprouting is a naturally occurring phenomenon in stored potatoes, onions, carrots, beets, and similar root vegetables.
such projections, however, appear highly speculative and the capacities involved are far beyond those foreseen for food-preservation facilities.
the basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter, to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects, and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption.
the presence of parasitic organisms such as < Trichinella spiralis > in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing.
the present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs.
the process of" pasteurization" involves milder and less prolonged heat treatment which accomplishes the destruction of most, but not all, of the microorganisms.
the radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges: _1._ For radiosterilization, to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content.
the term" sterilization" applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms.
they require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration, preferably items already cooked and ready to eat.
thus, food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability.
to permit the storage of food for long periods of time, a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action.
what are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future?
with the development of nuclear technology, isotopic materials, and machine radiation sources in recent years, the possibilities of applying ionizing radiation to the preservation of foods attracted the attention of investigators in the United States and throughout the world.
#BLUNT KNIFE# One of these is the fact that the knife employed, no matter how well sharpened, will have a slightly rounded cutting edge.
#CHIPPING MECHANISM OF COHESIVE FAILURE# Although a large number of coatings systems, particularly at low thicknesses fail cohesively by the cutting mechanism, frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place.
#KNIFE FRICTION# A second factor which enters into the practical measurement of the instrumentally determined cutting force is the frictional resistance caused by the bottom of the knife against the substrate.
#THE CRACKING MECHANISM# Under equilibrium cutting conditions, the chip exerts a force **f against the coating and an equal opposite force **f against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in Fig& 6.
**f and **f are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife, respectively;
**f is instrumentally determined.
**f is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces, and < P > is the normal force acting on the face of the knife.
**f is the normal compressive force acting on the shear plane;
**f is the shear force along the shear plane;
MERCHANT has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used.
a straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of **f against load < L >, having slope < k >, and **f Since the load < L >, under actual cutting conditions is caused by **f, it can be seen that **f The measured force, < H >, in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating, **f that due to the bluntness of the knife, **f, and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate, **f, or **f The first two forces are directly interrelated and depend upon film thickness, whereas **f is independent of these two and is a constant for a given knife combination.
an analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle |a and the friction angle |t determine the vector direction **f of the force resultants < R > and **f.
and there are even newer foamed plastics that are yet to be evaluated.
and |b is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate.
another reports that a cellular polypropylene, primarily for use in wire coating applications, is being investigated.
as this issue goes to press, for example, one manufacturer has announced an epoxy foam with outstanding buoyancy and impact strength;
because the rake angle **f at the tip of the knife is very much smaller ( or even negative ) when compared to the value of |a for the major portion of the knife, a very rapid increase in cutting force with thickness will result.
by studying high speed movies made of this type of failure, the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig& 9 could be observed.
consequently, both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process.
consequently, if the shear angle |f is replaced by the rupture angle **f, the relationships as described in eqns& ( 1 ), ( 2 ), ( 4 ), and ( 6 ) will directly apply.
eventually, rupture occurs along the shear plane ( 9 e ), and the cycle repeats itself.
from Fig& 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is **f where |l is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material, < w > is the width of the removed coating and < t > is its thickness.
however, in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn& ( 1 ).
if the cutting force, **f is plotted against film thickness, a straight line should result passing through the origin and having slope **f.
if the rake angle |a of the knife is high enough and the friction angle |t between the front of the knife and the back of the chip is low enough to give a positive value for **f, the resultant vector < R > will lie above the plane of the substrate.
in actual practice, the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting force **f and the shear angle |f.
in extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement.
in one outstanding example, Whirlpool Corp& found that by switching to urethane foam insulation, they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models.
in the first picture ( 9 a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation.
in the next, the shear plane angle is high, and extends to the inclined work surface.
in urethane foams, for example, there has been a definite trend toward the polyether-type materials ( which are now available in two-component rigid foam systems ) and the emphasis is definitely on one-shot molding.
it can be seen that **f is a constant, and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife.
it is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of < R > directly.
it might be well to point out, however, some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved.
many of the other foamed plastics, particularly the styrenes, show similar growth potential.
most manufacturers also seem to be concentrating on formulating fire-resistant or self-extinguishing grades of urethane foam that are aimed specifically at the burgeoning building markets.
on the following pages, each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail, as to properties, applications, and methods of processing.
softer knives would blunt very rapidly, making the value of **f inexact.
the basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture, rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane.
the blunter the knife, the higher is the value of **f.
the curvature of this bluntness is, in the case of the Carboloy knife employed in the Hesiometer, determined by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 mil&.
the detailed mechanisms of this type of failure have been studied extensively by MERCHANT for metal cutting, and the principles found can be directly applied to coatings.
the force vector concept of Fig& 6 can readily be applied to this condition also.
the importance of a hard, abrasion resistant knife material like the Carboloy employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent.
the resultant friction force, **f is thus directly proportional to **f and consequently also to film thickness.
the value of **f can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings.
these theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in Fig& 7 and their sum can be seen to correlate in form with practical measurements made with the Hesiometer as illustrated in the first portion of Fig& 5 for the cutting mechanism.
these two values and the rake angle |a are sufficient to determine the other parameters of these relationships.
this is a chipping, dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films.
this is not a constant value like **f, but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants < R > and **f of Fig& 6.
this is shown in the photomicrograph of Fig& 8.
this reduces to the relationship: **f where **f is the intercept at zero thickness of the extrapolation of the slope indicated in eqn& ( 1 ), **f is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip, **f is a straight line first approximation of this roundness, and the other symbols are equivalent to those of eqn& ( 1 ).
this signifies that |a, the rake angle, is no longer a constant to zero film thickness.
under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust **f against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of **f.
urethane foam as an insulator is also coming in for a good deal of attention.
urethane foam, as only one example, was only introduced commercially in this country in 1955.
with increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases.
within only a few years, foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral, and important, phase of the plastics industry- and the end is still not yet in sight.
yet last year's volume probably topped 100 million lb& and expectations are for a market of 275 million lb& by 1964.
|a is defined by the geometry of the knife;
|a is the rake angle of the knife;
|f can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate;
|f is the angle the shear plane makes with the substrate;
|t is the friction angle;
#APPARATUS AND MATERIALS# _WASH WHEEL- CYLINDRICAL WASH WHEEL OF THE REVERSING TYPE._ The wheel ( cage ) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length.
#PRINCIPLE# A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel, dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary.
#PURPOSE AND SCOPE# This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics, made of fibers other than wool, to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial laundry and the home.
#SUGGESTED EVALUATION AND CLASSIFICATION# Evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired.
#TEST SPECIMENS# The preparation of test specimens will vary depending upon the type of dimensional restorability procedure ( if any ) to be used.
_DRYER- DRYER OF THE ROTARY TUMBLE TYPE, HAVING A CYLINDRICAL BASKET APPROXIMATELY 30 INCHES IN DIAMETER AND 24 INCHES IN LENGTH AND ROTATING AT APPROXIMATELY 35 R&P&M&._ The dryer is provided with a means of maintaining a drying temperature of 120 '-160 'F& ( 49 '-71 'C& ), measured in the exhaust vent as close as possible to the drying chamber.
_KNIT SHRINKAGE GAUGE- CONSISTING OF A SET OF 20 MOUNTING PINS SET IN GUIDES IN RADIAL SLOTS ( FIG&1)._ Each pin is individually sprung to a tensioning member which is driven outwardly in the slot.
_OTHER TECHNIQUES_ Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured, pumped, etc&, into a void where they foam up to fill the void.
_PRESSING EQUIPMENT- FLAT-BED PRESS MEASURING 24 INCHES BY 50 INCHES OR LARGER._ Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative.
_SCREEN DRYING RACKS- 16-MESH SCREENING ( SARAN OR VELON)._ _DRYING ROOM-FACILITIES FOR DRIP- OR LINE-DRYING._ _EXTRACTOR- CENTRIFUGAL EXTRACTOR OF THE LAUNDRY-TYPE WITH A PERFORATED BASKET, APPROXIMATELY 11 INCHES DEEP BY 17 INCHES IN DIAMETER, WITH AN OPERATING SPEED OF APPROXIMATELY 1,500 R&P&M&._ _PEN AND INK, INDELIBLE- OR OTHER SUITABLE MARKING DEVICE._ _MEASURING SCALE-._ _SOAP, NEUTRAL CHIP- FED& SPEC& P S 566 OR ASTM D-496._ _SOFTENER- E&G& SODIUM METAPHOSPHATE OR SODIUM HEXAMETAPHOSPHATE ( IF NEEDED IN HARD WATER AREAS)._ _DETERGENT, SYNTHETIC- ALKYLARYSULFONATE TYPE._ _FLATIRON, ELECTRIC- APPROXIMATELY 3 LB&_ _TENSION PRESSER- CONSISTING OF A PADDED IRONING BOARD FROM WHICH EXTEND CLAMPING MEMBERS ON ALL FOUR SIDES._ Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps.
a domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used.
a perforated aluminum plate, used to provide the drying surface, is heated by means of a flatiron.
a reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning, whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal.
a special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps ( see Fig& 2 ).
at the conclusion of the washing, 8 liters of water at 90 'F& ( 32 'C& ) are automatically metered from the rinse reservoir to the washing tubs, 4 liters to each tub.
at this point the drains are readjusted so that the suds box drain will discharge directly into the waste line and the main tub drain is set at the 2-1 mark on the drain gauge.
by this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages, first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water, since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains.
closed molding generally resulted in parts weighing more ( because of higher density ) than parts fabricated from free-blown foams.
distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering.
drying procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering.
during the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins.
five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying techniques used in the home and commercial laundry.
for example Test 3, E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure" 3," ( at 160 'F& for a total of 60 minutes in the machine, has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure" E" and has been subjected to restorative forces on the Tension Presser by procedure" 1".
four washing test procedures are established, varying in severity from very severe to very mild, and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing.
in a typical application- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig.
in addition, there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface, trouble with lack of gel strength in the rising foam, and problems of splits.
it is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel.
it is possible to identify the test procedure completely with a code consisting of a Roman Numeral, a letter, and an Arabic number.
one fin is located every 120' around the inside diameter of the wheel.
only by resorting to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market.
satisfactory methods for polyester foams and even prepolymer polyether foams were never fully achieved.
sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1 to 4 pounds.
sixty lbs& loading is possible but 40 lbs& is adequate.
table 1, summarizes all of the various washing, drying, and restoration procedures available.
temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity.
temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85-90 'F& ( 29-32 'C& ).
the 160-ml& bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen.
the closed molding of flexible urethane foams has been a problem ever since the introduction of the material ( molding in open molds was more feasible ).
the flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than 275 'F& ( 135 'C& ).
the introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems, aided by the development of new catalysts, helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding.
the machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an eight-inch level from 110' to 140 'F& ( 38' to 60 'C& ) in less than two minutes.
the machine shall contain an opening for the insertion of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures.
the minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches.
the movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by dead-weight loading.
the person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry.
the run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line.
the springs have an extension of 1 inch at **f tension.
the suds box drain is arranged at the start to deliver into the raised main drain pipe ( thus returning suds to soap box ) and the machine is started.
the surface of the apparatus in contact with the test specimen is uncluttered and polished so as to be as friction-free as possible.
the tensioning members have a common drive so that the application of restorative force takes place simultaneously in all directions in the plane of the test specimen.
the top rolls are loaded with 40 lbs&.
the wash wheel is the equipment preferred for the test.
the wash wheel rotates at a speed of 30 revolutions per minute, making five to ten revolutions before reversing.
the water inlets are large enough to permit filling the wheel to an eight-inch level in less than two minutes, and the outlet is large enough to permit discharge of this same amount of water in less than two minutes.
there are three fins each approximately three inches wide extending the full length of the inside of the wheel.
these tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings.
this counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss.
this method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition.
this operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes.
three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering.
three specimens for each sample to be tested are required in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance.
washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls.
when all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete draining of the tubs.
while there are still many bugs to be ironed out, the technique is fast developing.
#BASIC DESIGN OF A FIBER-COUPLED, DOUBLE-STAGE IMAGE INTENSIFIER# The tube design which forms the basis of the theoretical discussion shall be described now.
#THEORETICAL DISCUSSION OF FLUX GAIN# _FLUX GAIN OF A SINGLE STAGE_ The luminous gain of a single stage with **f ( flux gain ) is, to a first approximation, given by the product of the photocathode sensitivity < S > ( amp ), the anode potential < V > ( volts ), and the phosphor conversion efficiency < P > ( lumen-watt ).
( the P-20 input is of interest because it corresponds roughly to the light emission of conventional X-ray fluorescent screens ).
**f **h standard visibility function.
_(b)_ end ( Fresnel reflection ) losses ( < R > ).
_(c)_ internal losses ( I&L& ).
_(d)_ packing efficiency ( F&R& ).
_EFFICIENCY OF FIBER COUPLERS_ The efficiency of fiber optics plates depends on four factors: _(a)_ numerical aperture ( N&A& ).
_GAIN OF FIBER COUPLED IMAGE INTENSIFIERS_ Including the brightness gain **f due to the **f area demagnification, the overall gain of a fiber coupled double stage image intensifier is: **f It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes **f for a given input < E > ( in the case of the second stage, for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important.
a sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses < R > can be obtained from the angle independent Fresnel formula: **f For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces, and assuming **f, we obtain **f percent.
after these theoretical considerations, constructional details of a fiber-coupled, double-stage X-ray image intensifier will be discussed.
as it will be shown later, the field-flattening properties of the interstage and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design.
as the index of refraction of photosensitive surfaces of the SbCs-type lies around 2, the Fresnel losses at the fiber-photocathode interface are about 0.5 percent and the **f factor for the interstage coupler is 0.95.
both stages are assumed to have unity magnification.
both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture.
explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature.
for circular fibers in a closely packed hexagonal array, the packing efficiency is given by: **f where **f, and 0.906 is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the circumscribed hexagon.
for the same reason, the output fiber plate is planoconcave, its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired.
for the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 **f resolution, **f.
furthermore, the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage.
hence, the **f factor for the output fiber coupler is **f.
in general, < P > is a function of < V > and the current density, but it shall here be assumed as a constant.
in general, a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution.
it has been stated previously that a minifying electrostatic system yields a lower resolution than a magnifying system or a system with unity magnification.
it is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels.
it might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further.
it must be remembered that the fiber plates replace a glass window and a ( mica ) membrane, in addition to an optical output lens system.
lacking reliable data for some of the variables, we are relying on experimental data of about 20 percent internal losses for 1 long, small ( 5-10 |m ) diameter fibers.
measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
settled phosphors, as generally used in image intensifiers, have low optical contact with the substrate surface, hence **f shall be assumed.
since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1-1.5 inches ) fiber plates, their average thickness can be kept below 1 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ).
space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages.
such cases are not considered here.
the angle **f is measured in the medium of index **f.
the anode potential codetermines the gain, < G >, and magnification, < M >, of the stage.
the cladding thickness is about 0.5 |m, hence, **f and **f.
the conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled, double-stage tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to high-gain image intensification.
the cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential.
the efficiency **f of an **f lens at the magnification **f is: **f Neglecting absorption, the end losses of the coupling membrane and the output window **f would be 6 percent and 8 percent.
the electron optical system ( see fig& 14-1 ) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces.
the field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member.
the following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used: **f The following table ( 14-, ) lists the ( luminous ) gain values computed according to Eq& ( 6 ) with **f: the possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out.
the inner [ anode ] sphere is pierced, elongated into a cup, and terminated by the phosphor screen.
the input light distributions considered are P-11 and P-20 phosphor emission and the so-called" night light" ( N&L& ) as given by H&W& Babcock and J& J& Johnson.
the integrals ( in @ units ) are listed in table 14-, below: #THEORETICAL DISCUSSION OF PARAXIAL DEVICE RESOLUTION# _RESOLUTION LIMITATIONS IN A SINGLE STAGE_ The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen.
the internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed, cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface.
the luminous efficiency **f of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity **f and on the spectral distribution of the incident light **f by the relation: **f where **f **h normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity.
the luminous flux gain of a single stage is given by: **f If the input light distribution falls beyond the visible range, **f as expected, since **f.
the luminous gain of the discussed tube was calculated from Eq& ( 6 ) for the 16 possible combinations of S-11 and S-20 photocathodes and P-11 and P-20 phosphor screens, for night light and P-20 light input.
the numerical aperture of the fibers is given by: **f where **f.
the numerical aperture should be in general close to unity.
the packing efficiency, F&R&, of fiber plates did not receive much attention in the literature, probably as it is high for the larger fibers generally used, until rather recently.
the photocathode sensitivities < S >, phosphor efficiencies < P >, and anode potentials < V > of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1, and 2, in the text, where required.
the photoelectrons emitted from a circular segment of the cathode sphere are focused by the positive lens action of the two concentric spheres, pass through the [ negative ] lens formed by the anode aperture, and impinge upon the cathodoluminescent viewing screen.
the resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations.
the same consideration should govern the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor ( e&g&, photographic emulsion ).
the second photocathode and both phosphor surfaces are deposited on the fiber plate substrates.
these losses depend on fiber diameter and length, absorption coefficient, the mean value of the loss per internal reflection and last but not least, on the angular distribution of the incident light.
this condition can be satisfied, e&g&, with **f and **f or equivalent glass combinations.
this relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters increasing the number of internal reflections.
this value may be reduced to 4.6 percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5.
thus, the combined efficiency of the elements replaced by the two fiber plates ( with a combined efficiency of 0.25 ) is 0.043 or < about six times less than that of the two fiber plates >.
thus, the efficiency |t couplers is given by- **f or approximately 50 percent each.
we have evaluated the" matching integrals" for two types of photocathodes ( S-11 and S-20 ) and three types of light input.
#2.3 THE DISCRETE STOCHASTIC PROCESS# The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest, although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process.
#2.4 THE CONTINUOUS DETERMINISTIC PROCESS# In many cases it is not possible to divide the process into a finite number of discrete stages, since the state of the stream is transformed in a continuous manner through the process.
**f is the scale factor of the accelerometer ( **f ).
a form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is **f.
a gyro-stabilized platform system, using restrained gyros, is well suited for automatic leveling because of the characteristics of the gyro-platform-servo combination.
a mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Fig& 7-2.
a moment's reflection shows that the above algorithm and presentation work equally well in this case.
a table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1.
as the accelerometer output is decreasing, the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and, therefore, the rate decreases.
finally, the gyro-stabilized platform characteristic is represented by **f The system as indicated in Fig& 7-2 is fundamental and simple because the transient effects of both the platform servo and the accelerometer have been neglected.
finally, when the accelerometer output is zero, the entire system remains stationary, and the platform is, by definition, leveled.
for a single stage we may define **f where the maximization is by choice of **f.
hence < P > is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation, that is, the net profit.
here < V > ( { p } ) represents the value of the stream in state { p } and < C > ( { q } ) the cost of operating the stage with conditions { q }.
i&e&, high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations.
if **f denotes the net profit from stage < r > and **f then the principle of optimality gives **f This sequence of equations may be started with the remark that with no process **f there is no profit, i&e&, **f.
if < T > is the total" length" of the process, its feed state may be denoted by a vector { p}( < T > ) and the product state by { p}(O ).
if the polarities are correct, the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero.
if we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next, then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first.
in addition, the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain;
in finding the optimal < R > -stage policy from that of **f stages, only the function **f is needed.
in the system shown in Fig& 7-1, the accelerometer output is amplified and the resulting voltage is applied to the gyro output-axis torquer.
in the third column is given the optimal policy for stage < R >, and in the fourth, the resulting state of the stream when this policy is used.
in this case the stage < r > operating with conditions **f transforms the state of the stream from **f to **f, but only the probability distribution of **f is known.
in this type of system, a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time.
it is assumed that the gyros are designed with electrical torquers so that a torque can be applied about their output axes.
it may be that the objective function depends not only on **f but also on **f, as when the cost of the operating policy is considered.
it may in fact be the time that will elapse before the end of the process.
it must be noticed in Fig& 7-1 that the accelerometer responds to any input acceleration.
one of the greatest problems associated with automatic leveling is establishing a true level in the presence of high-level acceleration noise.
one solution to the problem is to operate with a low loop gain and to include low-pass filters.
proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and, if it is desired, we can check on **f by evaluating **f at the last stage.
since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal **f-stage policy with respect to **f, we may enter section **f of the table at this state **f and read off the optimal policy for stage **f and the resulting state **f.
the angle generated by the platform servo |f multiplied by < g > is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer.
the discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known before passing to the next is a very much more difficult matter.
the equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is **f In practice, the preflight leveling process takes place with the system mounted in the airframe.
the gyro angular momentum is defined by < H >.
the platform angle |f is the angle about which the gyro is controlling.
the platform is initially off level by the angle |f.
the restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion, neglecting transient effects, as follows: **f where < U > is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro.
the third column gives the optimal policy, but we must wait to see the outcome of stage < R > and enter the preceding section of the table at this state.
the time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain.
the type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here, except that now the fourth column is redundant.
the voltage **f is amplified by **f and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor **f.
the word < distance > is used here in a rather general sense;
then **f, the maximization being over all admissible **f and the integration over the whole of stage space.
there are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts, engine noise, turbulence around the vehicle, etc&.
this is normally termed the gyro input axis, 90' away from the gyro output or |j axis.
this is specified by a distribution function **f such that the probability that **f lies in some region < D > of the stage space is **f.
this problem usually determines the lower limit of loop gain rather than response time.
this technique causes the system to respond only to low frequency acceleration components such as the platform tilt.
this torque causes the entire system to rotate about the |f axis, since the response to **f.
thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the |f axis, the system can be rotated with an angular velocity **f if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis |j.
to extract the optimal < R > -stage policy with respect to the feed state **f, we enter section < R > of this table at the state **f and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function.
we also see how the results may be presented, although if < n >, the number of state variables, is large any tabulation will become cumbersome.
we can, however, maximize its expected value.
we cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function, since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense.
we replace < r >, the number of the stage from the end of the process, by < t >, a continuous variable which measures the" distance" of the point considered from the end of the process.
we thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given **f.
when **f has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of **f and the whole calculation repeated.
when the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered, their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain.
when the system is arranged for automatic leveling, the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers.
with these factors included, an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations.
{ p}( < t > ) denotes the state at any point < t > and { q}( < t > ) the vector of operating variables there.
" I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home".
" he 's all right, Craig", Rachel said.
" the blueberry pie is good, Scotty.
" you do n't eat enough, honey.
#THIRTY-FOUR# THE days seemed short, perhaps because his routine was, each day, almost the same.
I recommend it".
Rachel had little to say.
Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat.
Rachel said," I 'd better get him to bed".
Rachel was polite, Scotty indifferent.
Rachel wore a smart hat and, because she had been warned recently about smoking, puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with lipstick.
Rachel, observing, would say," He has to rediscover his own capacity.
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments.
Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly," Look at those stupid kids".
Scotty looked at the children, his mouth slightly opened, his eyes dull.
Scotty murmured," No, thanks", so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him.
Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest.
Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair, angular, alert as a cricket, looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship.
Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now, as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere.
Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food: biscuits, cookies, candies- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen.
altogether he had, since the seizure, the appearance of a boy who overindulged in food and took no exercise.
and then:" there are lots of kids around here".
even his neck seemed thicker and therefore shorter.
figure 7-3 shows a platform system with the gyro vectors arranged as described above.
he breathed now with his mouth open, showing a whitely curving section of lower teeth;
he felt tired and full and calm.
he had eaten almost nothing on the crested, three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container.
he kept his eyes, with their puffed blurred lids, always lowered, though not, apparently, focusing.
he looked at his son, his face worried.
he looked lazy, spoiled, a little querulous.
he rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel.
he said more loudly," I 'm full, old Pop".
he said," Nothing".
he was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr& McKinley described as a" celebration lunch" at the cafeteria on the campus.
his face was fuller;
his father tried to make the food a topic.
his hands, which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds, were now neither active nor really relaxed.
his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking.
his parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital- Mr& McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off, spend a lot of time in bed and, for the rest, do pretty much as he chose- provided, of course, he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating.
his teacher and his school principal were conferred with and everyone agreed that, if he kept up with a certain amount of work at home, there was little danger of his losing a term.
if the platform is not properly headed, the < X > -gyro input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation.
in Fig& 7-4, the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth.
it was a Negro section of peeling row houses, store-front churches and ragged children.
it was a strained, silent lunch.
it' ll take time".
mr& McKinley, for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity, was completely alert to his son, eyes always on the still face, jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires.
she greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness, offering nothing.
she would hover over him and, looking like her brother, anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon.
since Mr& McKinley had to give a lecture, Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth.
since his seizure, Scotty had had little appetite;
since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space, an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth).#THIRTY-THREE# SCOTTY did not go back to school.
teachers- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel.
the doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger.
the earth is spinning at an angular velocity \q equal to one revolution per 24 hr&.
the input axis of the < X > gyro, when pointing in the east-west direction, is always perpendicular to the spin axis of earth.
the platform is leveled and properly headed, so that the < X > -gyro input axis is parallel to the east-west direction and the < Y > -gyro input axis is parallel to the north-south direction.
the point is at a latitude |l, and the platform is at an error in heading east.
the sensing of this rotation by the < X > gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading.
they ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food, the teachers, the heroic baronial windows, and the bright ranks of college banners.
they did not speak much.
they lay on his lap, palms up, stiffly motionless, the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints.
try to get that down".
when the platform is level, |e is a rotation about the < Z > axis of the platform **f.
yet his changed appearance, surprisingly, was one of plumpness.
" I 'm eating more", he would say.
" I 'm not supposed to yet".
" I mean, do you feel like seeing Kate"?
" do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general"?
" have you got enough blankets"?
" how's Scotty"?
" is his appetite improved"?
" our objective", the colonel had said that day of the briefing," is Papa-san".
" perhaps you should get out a little".
" she did n't really say"- She glanced away at the floor, then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scotty's slippers.
" that doctor annoys me".
" well, Mrs& Charles- Sally- has phoned too.
" well, there's time, in any case.
Miss Estherson called twice.
Rachel came close to the bed, bent as if she would kiss him, then moved away.
Rachel's tone was dry.
Scotty said," I do n't know".
Scotty said," Okay".
Scotty shrugged slightly.
Scotty was pleased.
Scotty would hear the front door in the evening and then his father's deep slow voice;
Scotty would reply softly and his father, apologetically, would ask him to repeat.
after a pause, during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too, Mr& McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs.
and Rachel's or Virginia's reply:" better.
and another time, without accusation:" you never wore that scarf I bought you".
apparently you were the light of their lives".
at the slope's base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's hoops, stopped simultaneously, weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again.
between the ponderous hulk and himself, in the valley over which Papa-san reigned, men had hidden high explosives, booby traps, and mines.
closer still, regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports.
gouge, burn, blast, insult it as they would, could anyone really take Papa-san?
he 's getting plenty of rest".
he did not mind the useless, kindly questions.
he did not.
he felt he was noting it, as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger.
he looked at the lined face with vague interest;
he never smiled.
he was not irritated.
his father was a constant visitor.
his father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son.
it floated up the stairs.
it required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father.
it was true.
mr& McKinley examined everything with critical care, seeking something material to blame for his son's illness.
on the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire.
or:" I walk around the house a lot".
or:" does he get exercise"?
she put the slipper neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed.
she says the children miss you.
she seemed to speak to herself.
she turned to him again.
she wants to pay you a visit.
she was frowning.
she was very worried".
smiling at his quixotic thoughts, Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down.
the exchange was almost invariable, and Scotty, in his bed, could hear every word of it.
the raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion.
there the objective sat, brooding over all.
there was the slight pain, but it was no different from the throbbing in his head.
this time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead.
tonight a group of men, tomorrow night he himself, would go out there somewhere and wait.
was it all vain labor?
we 'll wait till you 're stronger and then talk about it".
where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion, Papa-san sat glacier-like, his smooth solidity, his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him.
who would clean up the mess when the war was over?
" c 'est formidable", they exclaimed.
" does n't it ever bother you", Warren had asked," to have people always asking you about your hands"?
" give me your machine gun ammo".
" mais, oui.
" oh, the French are a very curious people", Pierre had laughed.
" they are also honest seekers after truth.
" wait!
" will you please wait in here.
" you are looking tired and there you can rest.
- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky, and always as he wandered, he felt a stranger to their exultation.
Al's Little Cafe was small, dark, narrow, and filled with the mingled scent of beer, tobacco smoke, and Italian cooking.
Brittany, that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days, sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads, had worked some subtle change in him, he knew, and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre.
I 'm used to all three, but I think the French have the healthiest attitude".
I think, too", he said, his dark eyes mischievous," that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken".
MICKIE SAT over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue.
Pierre had no hands;
Prevot came up" Take that spot over there", he whispered, pointing to a small clump of blackness.
Warren eased his rifle's safety off and gently, slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth bandoleers that marked the upper part of his body with an X. this he placed within quick reach.
Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line.
Warren thought of all the men out that night who, like himself, had left their protective ridge and- fear working at their guts- picked their way into the area beyond.
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own.
above, the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds, diluting the valley's dark to a pallid light.
although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly, he felt no security.
and then the questions came, eager, interested questions, and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity.
c 'est merveilleux".
certain this menace was only imaginary, he yet stared in fascinated horror, his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon.
cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside.
even at this short distance they were only vague shapes, setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol.
even so, he could not ease the tension of his body;
figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark;
from the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night, sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound, or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts.
hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke.
he and Warren had traveled together for four days.
he sensed something precious in the perilous moment, something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycle trip through the French countryside, a knowledge imprisoned in speechlessness.
he smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help.
he took the pen in his stumps and began to write.
he was aware of insistent inner beatings, as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body.
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched.
it will be good for you.
looming over all, Papa-san leered down at him, threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies.
lying in the grass behind the brush clump, Warren looked about.
now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands.
off in the distance a searchlight flashed on, its beam slashing the sky.
over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew.
sensing the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol, he felt mutely united to these nine near-strangers sharing this pinpoint of being with him.
smiling at Warren's protestations, the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor.
somewhere over there another patrol had need of light.
that was the day that Pierre had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes.
the Americans, like yourself, take the fact for granted, try to be helpful, but do n't ask questions.
the monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception:" I speak English", the old man said," but I do not hear it very well".
the others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush.
the patrol was stopping.
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax.
the sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud, then reflected to the earth in a softer, diffused radiance.
the walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air.
then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees, standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene.
they crowded the small room and peered over one another's shoulders to watch the handless man write his name in the book.
they had been severed at the wrists.
they refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there.
they visited the shipyards at Brest and Pierre had to sign the register, vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner.
they were poems in a strange language, of which he could barely touch a meaning- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there.
wait"!
with leather cups fitted in his handlebars, he steered his bicycle.
within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the abbey gate.
" so, we have to protect the old man for his own good.
Boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously.
Boxell looked at Lawrence with a searching glance, the kind that a prosecuting attorney would give a man on trial.
Congress is full of politicians, and if you want to get along with them, you have to be politic.
I can do business with that kind".
Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely, and this worried him.
Lawrence listened with the practiced, deceptive calm of the lawyer, but his face was in the shadow.
Lawrence stared a minute at the lighted ribbon of traffic, hoping that a clue to his dislike of the Vice President would appear.
Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell.
a half hour later the Vice President arrived.
again, Lawrence thought a little sadly, these were the fees of poverty and ambition.
and so he had, so he had.
at State College, he had no time to walk among the violets on the water's edge.
at any cost, he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist.
at law school, the same.
at the same time, you have to face facts and realize that a man who 's been in the Marine Corps all his life does n't understand much about politics.
but then his son could afford it.
by the time he was prosperous enough- his goals were high- he was bald and afraid of women.
from his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly, deliciously, across the campus, and he could smell the sweet vernal winds.
he did not like Boxell.
he had dared to defy nature, to turn his back to the Lorelei, and he was punished.
he had to acquire everything he was going to get in four years.
he had to find out.
he had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him.
he looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing, as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind.
he made the decision with his eyes open, or so he thought.
he merely said," Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home".
he must mentally pull the blinds and close the window, so that all that existed was in the books before him.
he observed the Florentine vase in the hall, the Renoir painting in the library, as well as the long shelves of well-bound volumes;
he said the matter was urgent.
he said to the Secretary," I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near Wilkes-Barre.
he suspected something underhanded and furtive about him.
he was not stone.
he was not unmoved.
he waved his arm around at the furnishings.
how best to destroy your peace?
how did you find out about this"?
human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell.
if he had had a son, he would tell him," Gather ye rosebuds while ye may **h This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying".
it did not.
it was not a discourteous question, Lawrence decided.
like Mrs& Dalloway, with her regrets about Peter Walsh, he had his moments of melancholy over a youth too well spent.
more of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York.
no, they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder.
old Chris is my ideal.
perhaps it was just.
perhaps it was right;
poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious.
the Secretary did not tell him at what cost, at what loneliness, he learned these things.
the Secretary was uneasy about the visit.
the Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home.
the Vice President said with a slight bluster," There is n't anyone who loves the President more than I do.
the Vice President said," If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home, let me know.
the only one who would have him was his cripple, the strange unhappy woman who became his wife.
the pattern of the Oriental rug, the delicate cut-glass chandelier.
therefore, he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view.
they cannot stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane.
they had brandy in the library.
this young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious;
what are your weaknesses?
what does a monk know about sex"?
when you disliked or distrusted a man, you should have a reason.
where will you break?
you see what I mean.
" Reverend", he said," I think you do n't quite understand the situation here.
" it 's a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates.
" my dear, you must be mistaken".
" no", said Wilson," I do n't.
" talk to Mrs& Catt", she said.
I do n't understand why a white hotel should be down here".
I was just asking about it.
Wilson again went downtown to a different banker, an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic, but he shook his head.
Wilson stared at her.
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was, they must have a better church, a more business-like conduct of the church organization, and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization.
Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people, which seemed to him rather queer.
after looking about a bit, Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom, across the river and far removed from the white city, a considerable tract of land, and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot.
and Wilson tried.
and after Wilson had talked to Mrs& Catt and to others, he was absolutely amazed.
and he dismissed the colored pastor.
as for rebuilding, well, that might be looked into, but there was no hurry, no hurry at all.
behind were privies, for there was no sewage system.
but he told Wilson to" go ahead and try".
but it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages.
but nevertheless it looked respectable.
but there was one thing that he had to stress, and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses, the dollar money, had been seriously falling behind in this church, and that must be looked after immediately.
but when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board, he met unanimous opposition.
by that time, perhaps something better can be done".
dives, carefully repaired huts, and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction.
do n't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church?
he emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river.
he talked about it to the Presiding Elder.
he was glad to have it there.
he was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand.
he was sure that he could do better if he went to Atlanta to get the deal financed.
hope to see you again".
in fact, he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here- to make a larger contribution of dollar money.
it did seem impossible.
it had been here fifty years.
it was called Kent House.
it was going to stay forever.
it was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject.
it was next day that Sojourner came and sat beside him and took his hand.
now, if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years.
one of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook;
she said," My dear, do you know what Kent House is"?
some were trash dumps, some had flower gardens.
tenements, stores, saloons, some gambling, I hope not too much.
the Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully.
the Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible.
the bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears, and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in, and that none would be sold to colored folk.
the best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better.
the church certainly would not be removed.
the colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places, and they are near their places of employment.
the deacon of the church, Carlson, was its janitor.
the rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect, disrepair and careful upkeep.
the very proposition was sacrilege.
the yards, front and back, were narrow;
the young banker looked at him with a certain surprise, and then he said flatly:" I 'm afraid I can n't tell you anything in particular about Kent House.
then Wilson asked," What about this Kent House which you mention?
there were two or three colored maids employed there.
they buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town".
they hire a good deal of local labor, including two members of our Trustee Board.
this, of course, was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly.
what is it"?
when a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them.
when it was proposed to rebuild the church, Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high.
why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom?
you 'll have to find out about it on your own.
" I 'm mad", and only wished he had been.
" I 'm mad", shouted Payne, as he ran out into the hall.
# Wilkes was quite right about one thing.
## In Boston, Edwin Booth was winding up a performance of < A New Way to Pay Old Debts >.
Herold, he saw, had fled.
Laura Keene had been in the green room.
Payne hacked at their arms.
Payne was more methodical than that.
a knife would do.
acting soothed him.
after some time he came to an open field.
an open field was better than a building, that was for sure, so he dismounted, turned off the horse, and plunged through the grass.
another man approached, this one fully dressed.
as Sir Giles Overreach ( how often had he had to play that part, who did not believe a word of it ), he raised his arm and declaimed:" where is my honour now"?
at the end of the monologue the audience would applaud.
but he was not mad.
cap would find him and take care of him.
everyone is ambivalent about his profession, if he has practised it long enough, but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there, who might cheer you or boo you, but that was largely, though not entirely, up to you.
from childhood he had known all about knives.
he clattered down the stairs and out of the door.
he felt curiously sleepy, the world seemed far away;
he had no idea where he was.
he knew he should get to Cap, but he did n't know how.
he ran for the sick room, found his pistol was broken, and threw it away.
he rode on and on.
he saw only dimly moving figures, but when he slashed them they yelled and fled.
he smashed it in and tumbled into darkness.
he unhitched his horse, walked it away, mounted, and spurred it on.
he was delighted to see them so happy.
he was merely clearing a way to what he had to do.
he was only dreaming.
he was sure, for he had done as he was told, had n't he?
he went for the bed, jumped on it, and struck where he could, repeatedly.
he would not have wanted to hurt a lady.
if he had any worries, it was only the small ones, about Mother in New York, and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour, with her Aunt Asia, in Philadelphia.
it was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more.
it was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams.
it was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience, as that they had been stunned already.
meanwhile it looked at the scenery.
most of them had seen < Our American Cousin > before, and unless Miss Keene was on stage, there was not much to it.
nobody said anything.
on a stage he always knew what to do, and tonight, to judge by the applause, he must be doing it better than usual.
one always wakes up, even from one's own dreams.
she had been one of the first to collect her wits.
since she could not act, one part suited her as well as any other, and so she was the first person to offer Mr& Lincoln a glass of water, holding it up to the box, high above her head, to Miss Harris, who had asked for it.
so choosing a good tree, he clambered up into it, found a comfortable notch, and curled up in it to sleep, like the tousled bear he was, with his hands across his chest, as though surfeited with honey.
someone blocked the door from inside.
somewhere in the fog, the nigger boy was still yelling murder.
that was one of the high spots of the play.
that would have made things so much easier.
the audience was fond of Harry Hawk, he was a dear, in or out of character, but he was not particularly funny.
the audience, as usual, loved it.
the clammy air revived him.
the commotion had brought her into the wings.
the nigger boy was close behind him.
the stage had been empty, except for Harry Hawk, doing his star monologue.
the theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom.
then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone.
there was a lady there, in a nightdress.
they made the world seem friendly somehow, though he knew it was not.
two men pulled him off.
violence always made him tired, but he was not frightened.
well, one did not expect much of people like Herold.
when the knife went into his chest, he went down at once.
" I know, Stephen", she smiled.
" Po' Chavis"!
" Stevie!
" Stevie, wake up now!
" there 's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high.
" they say that our steeple is one hundred and sixty-two feet high.
#CHAPTER 6# < Bong!
< bong!
< bong!
< bong!
< bong!
< six > o'clock!
> a dull boom and a throbbing echo.
> a fresh breeze saluted him.
> he raced to the window and yanked at the sash.
> startled him awake.
> the wood was old, the paint alligatored.
Katie scrambled to her feet, Stevie agilely retaining his seat.
Stevie was shouting triumphantly.
Stevie"!
a train hooted.
again Katie reared, and now, wickedly, he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger.
and the loudest clock in the whole world"!
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger.
bong!
he came by and repeated," Po' Chavis"!
he could feel his own feet, iron-shod, striking repeatedly until the body was limp.
he crossed Broome Street to Orange Square.
he dressed, and sped outdoors.
he gloated, and his lips slavered.
he had been dreaming.
he heard himself chortling.
he put his his head out.
he stared at the far morning, expecting a pendulum to swing across the horizon.
he was frightened;
he was safe in his Mama's arms.
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt.
his head hung over the boards of Katie's stall;
his mother was nudging him, but he was still falling.
houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot.
in the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards.
instantly, he chilled.
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster.
only the top of the head, with a spot bare and white as a clamshell, remained visible.
port Jervis, basking in the foothills, was the city of God.
the Catholic Saint Mary's Church, with an even taller steeple and a cross on top, stood on Ball Street.
the Dutch Reformed Church, with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street;
the Episcopal Church was one block down Sussex Street;
the blow encountered silky hair and hard bone.
the clock which had struck presented an innocent face.
the clock you heard strike- it 's really the town clock- was installed last April by Mrs& Shorter, on her birthday".
the man uttered a weird cry, spun about, and collapsed in the sand.
the room vibrated as if a giant hand had rocked it.
the spire seemed to hold up the sky.
the steeple leaned backward, while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long, shapeless coat.
the train had slowed.
the trainman called.
the walls bulged, the floor trembled, the windowpanes rattled.
then Katie stumbled, and again he was falling, falling!
there was the slate roof of the church;
they rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand.
they were pursuing him.
we 're nearly there".
with incredible ferocity, he brought his fists together and struck.
" do n't be afraid, Violet"!
" do n't you be afraid"!
" do n't you be afraid, Violet"!
" go on home"!
" p& J&"- as Ludie called the town- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities.
" someone 'll tell Papa"!
< if the crummy bastard could write!
Aggie might fly into a closet, shut the door and bury her head in the clothes;
Ludie chewed roofer's tar.
Ludie did as he pleased.
Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters, and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July.
Ludie hopped rides on freight cars, and was chased by Mr& Yankton, the railroad guard.
Ludie screeched at him.
Ludie took his slingshot and climbed to the rooftop to shoot at crows.
Stevie envied him.
Stevie yearned for a dog.
Violet whinnied from the stable.
a Newfoundland sat solemnly beside a doghouse half his size.
a flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions.
a piano tinkled.
a tall lady, with a ruffled collar very low on her bosom, turned insolent green eyes upon him.
after the storm, the sky cleared blue and cool, and fragrant air swept the hills.
barrels tumbled down the mountainsides, and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open.
but he was good.
drenched and shaking, he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle.
even before the benches had dried, the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places.
fiddles screeched;
he came home overheated, ran straight to the ice-chest, and gulped shivery cold water.
he clenched his fists and faced the terror.
he crossed the tracks to Delaware House, where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah.
he dared to wait for the lightning.
he jumped.
he meandered down Pike Street, past the First National Bank with its green window shades.
he must not fail to hear it.
he ran out into the downpour, sped across the yard and into the buggy room.
he shouted, and was aghast at the echoes.
he trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch Reformed.
he was Papa 's chosen;
he wondered whether God had a dog in the sky.
he would save her.
he, too, cocked his cap at a jaunty angle, jingled marbles in his pocket, and swaggered down Main Street.
if he missed it, never again.
if there was a fire or a flood he would save Mama first and Violet next.
it would summon him once;
lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner!
lightning might strike the steeples of the other churches;
no one told on Ludie, not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box.
not of Drew Church.
on the Christophers' lawn, little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party.
probably, as in Scriptures, a still, small voice would whisper.
rich people went to Delaware House, Opera House, American House or Fowler House.
she was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked.
she was taller than Aggie.
that Ludie!
the fountain had brimmed over, the cannon were wet, the soldiers' monument glistened.
the great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it.
the pointed shadow had nearly touched him.
therefore, nothing but good could happen to him, even in God's wrathful storms.
they stayed at hotels and boardinghouses, or at private homes.
thunder crashed;
what if it came when he was playing, or was asleep and dreaming?
when the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley, he was unafraid.
when the sun came out, Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square, smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants.
yet how might he know the Call when it came?
" bastards", he said aloud, spitting on them.
" boy, you 're stirrin early", a sleepy voice said.
" look it that come down, will ya", said the man, scratching himself, yawning.
" they' ll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me, just let them, God I 'll slice their balls right off **h" His arm moved swiftly, violently, once, twice.
" yehhh", said Coughlin, testily, eyeing him up and down.
**h Somebody, got to be somebody **h If I do n't put my two cents in soon, somebody else will **h I know they' re waitin only for one thing: for the bastards what done it to be nailed.
< handle men.
< top dog, sleeping and eating right there with the Staff.
< who is the man to take His place?
> **h Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind.
Ching, Tien, all of them **h Top dog **h Poor ol Slater **h Jesus, imagine, the crummy bastards, they' ll get em, they' ll get what 's comin to em > **h He whirled about suddenly.
Jesus!
Jesus, the guy says he is trying.
Johnson.
Keeeerist!
a gnawing and gnashing within him.
and he took heart;
before him, mutilated, bleeding to death, they lay.
but a nigger.
but he is n't with it, not at all with it.
but it did n't.
but the words were forming.
cover the whole building, bury us all, by nightfall.
damn good.
he braced himself **h < Somebody' ll haf ta start thinkin > **h He fought it, seeking to kill the last few words, but on they came **h < bout takin > - < his > **h He was trembling, a strange feeling upon him, fully expecting some catastrophe to strike him dead on the spot.
he felt good.
he felt intense satisfaction.
he halted, and looked around.
he is good.
he knew he could n't.
he ought a know.
he stared at it, amazed, alarmed **h < The whole fucken sky 's cavin in!
he tried to stifle it.
he turned to the window again.
he was again tingling with pleasure, seeing himself clearly in Slater's shoes.
he was tingling within.
his old self.
how he loathed him.
huge glob-flakes hitting the ground, piling higher and higher.
it is plain as hell Johnson is no Reactionary.
it was as if it had been done.
it was nothing, though his heart was thumping wildly.
knows the score > **h With a supreme effort, he broke it off.
look it it!
maybe they already got them >.
most on the Ball.
no one is stupid.
rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him.
sleepy-eyed, soft-spoken Johnson **h < Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad > **h He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time **h < Why could n't they have dumped him off on someone else?
so you 're not tryin, Johnson, you bastard you > **h He looked over at him, lying there, asleep, and he felt a wave of revulsion.
somebody was up.
that was all.
that's what he said.
the final word came forth **h < place > **h Now he heard it, fully:" **h < bout takin his place > **h" He listened, waited, nothing happened.
the guy with most on the Ball >.
the music arrived, taking him **h its rhythm stroked him, snaked all through him, the lyrics lifted him, took him from one magic isle to another, stopping briefly at each **h < Brandon.
the music surged up, but it failed to check it.
the snow was tumbling down furiously now.
the thought came back, the one nagging at him these past four days.
thoroughly Wised Up.
when I talked to Ching about it, he said, Everyone can learn, if he is not a Reactionary or lazy.
why Slater?
why did n't the damn Reactionaries bump him off?
why me?
" a learned man"?
" at what university did you study"?
" heaven forbid"!
" nonsense", he said.
" put a few such songs together", they urged him.
" string them onto some sort of little plot, and you 'll have a delightful operetta".
" this is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away"!
" to have become so corrupt", he says," surely you must have studied many arts and sciences".
" you must be a very learned man", says Voltaire to one of the bandits.
" you must make an opera out of this material".
( he asked this out loud, but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut ).
< over on the bank, the west bank, a man stood, calling to him.
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books, too.
a river, wide as the Missouri, where it ran by his place.
and for good reasons.
and his efforts to get a performance for his < Gallant Muses > invariably failed.
and the fault, of course, was Rameau 's.
and they would n't leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised.
as a composer.
but Voltaire perseveres.
but at the same time how understandable.
but he was not >.
but his facility in this genre was not great.
but now music too?
but then one day, while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler, Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written, to which he attached no great importance.
but what else could he do?
but while the two men are riding into the country, where they are going to dinner, they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves, who strip them of everything, including most of their clothes.
could he have pen and paper, please?
cried the ladies, enchanted by his music.
ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it, Rousseau had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera.
for it is such a distinguished place, with such fine works of art and such a big library, that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture.
for it was Rameau's type of music that he had been trying to write, and that he could n't write.
he asks.
he could n't make out what he was saying.
he did n't believe them.
he goes to the chief himself.
he is in a hurry to write another essay against culture.
he refuses to believe that the bandit chief never attended a higher institution.
he was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs.
his operatic music had little merit.
how could the rich, for whom life was made so simple, ever understand the subterfuges, the lies, the frauds, the errors, sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life?
how cruel!
how, for example, could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when, soon after the furor of his first < Discourse, > he acquired still another title to fame?
immediately after dinner, however, Rousseau asks for still another favor.
no doubt it had to do with the log.
no.
oh, the irony and the bitterness of it!
or at least appear to reject it!
so what?
such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe, to be printed sometime later, but with the name of Timon of Athens, the famous misanthrope, substituted for that of Rousseau.
that after all his years of effort to become a composer, he should now, now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his < Discourse on the Arts and Sciences, > be so close to a success in music and have to reject it.
that would be too much!
the bandit laughs in his face.
the chief, annoyed by these questions, knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school, but never even learned how to read.
the fault was Rameau's and that of the whole culture of this Parisian age.
the log was spinning.
these little songs, however, were sweet nothings from the heart, tender memories of his childhood, little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep.
this time as a musician.
to Voltaire's surprise, however, their host gives them fresh clothes to put on, opens his purse to lend them money and sits them down before a good dinner.
well, yes, perhaps in literature, since you could argue that you could n't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself.
when finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend's home, Voltaire's fears are once again aroused.
why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning?
why should he be concerned >?
you could n't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them, could you?
" and even more right.
" but in such a slovenly condition".
" committeemen, hold your fire!
" is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face?
" what is slovenly about me"?
## The rider from Concord was as good as his word.
I do n't know whether he was after our rider, who had gone by a minute before, or whether he was simply scouting conditions;
I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars, but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are deplorably ignorant.
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man, and when a very small man is up on a saddle, he 'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there.
I must state that the faster things happened, the slower they happened;
I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun, because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it.
I think you could have heard him a mile away, and he was bursting at every seam with importance.
I wanted to wipe my flint, but I did n't dare to, the state my hands were in, just as I did n't dare to do anything about the priming.
Rousseau asked.
Solomon Chandler had n't misjudged the strength of his lungs, not at all.
a hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride.
and I know that I, myself, was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun.
and even deeper than that: his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself.
and fashion is the real king here.
and in that brief interval, a redcoat officer came tearing down the road, whipping his horse fit to kill.
and now the redcoats were coming, and the gunfire was a part of the dust cloud on the road to the west of us.
and this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society.
and those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion.
as for this rider, I never saw him before or afterwards and never saw him dismounted, so whether he stood tall or short in his shoes, I can n't say;
before the King?
but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction.
but of course behind his boldness he did n't feel bold at all.
but this grinning, broken head, not ten feet away from me, was the sharp definition of what my reality had become.
but when he passed us by, a musket roared, and he reared his horse, swung it around, and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come.
by God, they' re a-coming, they are"!
could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight;
from above me and somewhere behind me, a rifle cracked.
half crazed by the weight dragging, the dust, and the heat, the horse leaped our wall, dashing out the rider's brains against it, and leaving him lying there among us- while the horse crashed away through the brush.
he came spurring and whooping down the road, his horse kicking up clouds of dust, shouting:" they' re a-coming!
he trembled lest his piece should fail.
he was a fine and showy rider, but his skill was wasted on us.
here, before the court?
his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark.
hold your fire"!
in my recollection, there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats, and in that interval the dust cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely.
in the very front rank, two men were wounded and staggered along, trailing blood behind them.
it was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays;
it was only hours since I had last seen them, but they had changed and I had changed.
it was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began.
no drummers here, no pipers, and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust.
not Louis 15,, since even he obeys.
now times have changed, and I must pretend that hair does n't grow on my face.
now, if you do n't mind, I should like to hear my own piece performed".
rank after rank of them came down the road, and the faces were all the same, and they walked in a sea of dust.
since I am the composer"!
surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not.
that 's the fashion.
that's understandable, and I appreciate the sentiment.
the gun would fire or not, just as chance willed.
the gunfire, which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now, stopped for long enough to count to twenty;
the last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall, and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation.
the passage and rhythm of time changed, and when I remember back to what happened then, each event is a separate and frozen incident.
the redcoat officer collapsed like a punctured bolster, and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle, except that one booted foot caught in the stirrup.
they marched with bayonets fixed, and as fixed on their faces was anger, fear, and torment.
we came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us, and we crouched behind it.
we heard him before he ever showed, and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight.
whatever we felt about the redcoats, we respected them in terms of their trade, which was killing;
yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds, and then the front of the British army came into view.
" do not listen to that Frenchman.
" how long, my Lord?
" that is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins.
" there can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy".
" we all know that Jake Camaret and the woman are brazenly living together.
" what Master Calvin says is true.
## John's thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary.
## The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night.
Abel Poupin, a tall man with sunken cheeks and deep-set eyes, got to his feet.
Ablard Corne, a short man with a rotunda of stomach, rose.
Charles had died two weeks before, in early November, without being reconciled to the Church.
Geneva, instead of becoming the City of God, as John had dreamed, had in the two years since he had been there, continued to be a godless place where all manner of vice flourished.
I have never asked for an easy task, but I am weary of the strife".
I say to you that the Church will ever decry evil"!
John closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mother's bedroom, where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs.
John found it difficult, but he held him in check.
John leaned upon the stone balustrade.
John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting.
John was quietly insistent.
John's reply was like a declaration of war.
Monsieur Favre sat down in his high-backed stall, lips compressed, eyes glinting.
Philibert Berthelier, the son of the famous patriot, disagreed.
a carriage crunched by, its dim lights filtering through the gloom.
a week later the sentence of the Council was carried out: Jake Camaret and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace.
above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars.
an occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert, who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants.
and Anthony was busy most of the time courting this girl and that.
as he neared the square, a round figure muffled in a long, black cape whisked by.
before them stalked the beadle, proclaiming as he went," Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws- adulterers, thieves, murderers, and lewd persons.
below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks;
burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet, so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned.
but William continued to find a bitter joy in smashing images and tearing down symbols sacred to the Old Church.
but he had to follow the light.
despite their efforts, the problems seemed to grow graver all the time.
every eye was on him as he began to speak.
for an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte, the touch of his mother's hand, the lilt of Charles's voice in the square raftered rooms, his father's bass tones rumbling to the canons, and the sight of the beloved bishop.
he brushed back his black hair, shoving it under his pastor's cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes.
he had Anthony and William to confide in and consult.
he is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win"!
he stood very still, his arms at his sides, staring up at the heavens, then down at the blinking lights below.
his easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies.
how can we have a good city unless we respect morality"?
how grateful he was to such men!
how long?
indigestion plagued him.
it would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers".
let evildoers contemplate their ways, and let every man beware"!
letters came regularly from Nerien, Nicholas, and Martin.
loneliness tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert, Nerien, Nicholas Cop, Martin Bucer, and even the compromising Louis du Tillet.
not even Varnessa;
quickening his steps, John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells.
refugees poured in, signing the Confession and rules in order to remain, and then disregarding them.
severe headaches were frequent.
she, too, prayed only to God.
sleep was difficult these days.
snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops, as John trudged toward St& Peter 's.
the Abbot of St& Eloi, Claude de Mommor, had been a good friend, but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground.
the blue-draped Virgin was still there, but no one knelt before her now.
the canons, in a body, had tried to force him on his deathbed to let them give him the last rites of the Church, but he had died still proclaiming salvation by faith.
the city had recently given him a small salary, but it was not enough to supply even necessities.
the sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes, his only ones, now patched with folded parchment.
there were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians.
underneath the big one, in the silent moonlight, lay a dead pigeon, and on the smaller bell, the < Clemence >, two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air.
unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures, why had He given them to him?
" let him be now"!
" we have taught him a lesson".
Adam knew the names of some.
Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had been awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry at Antietam.
Adam watched his own hands make the caressing, anxious movement that, when rain falls and nobody comes, and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles, has been the ritual of stall vendors, forever.
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho.
Lemme tell you now"- If only Simms Purdew could do that, whatever the thing he remembered and told.
Pierre Ameaux, the gaming-card manufacturer said, his little pig eyes glaring.
Pullen James humbly lowered his head, pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut, and was gone from sight.
a quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake, or the toffee, or the barley sugar, or the sardines, or the bitters, or the condensed milk, or the stationery, or the needles- what could it mean?
and another.
at once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him.
back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture, and at that sight his heart had always died within him.
before he could duck, another stone struck him.
beyond that misty gray of the rain, he saw the stretching hutment, low diminutive log cabins, chinked with mud, with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through, with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes, or fence rails, with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud.
but there was no need, he remembered, for his hand to reach out, for his face to show concern or stoicism.
fists pummeled him as he staggered forward.
for an instant John was stunned.
he carried the wood, carried the water, did the cooking, cleaning and mending, and occasionally got a kick in the butt for his pains.
he had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh, behind the oath, the banter, the sadness.
he had seen a dry, old, yellowing hand reach out, with that painful solicitude, to touch, to rearrange, to shift aimlessly, some object worth a pfennig.
he knew its meaning.
he knew the faces of all, hairy or shaven, old or young, fat or thin, suffering or hardened, sad or gay, good or bad.
he looked out of the tent at the company street.
he recognized the gesture.
he saw the figure of a man in a poncho coming up the company street, with an armful of wood.
he saw the sign above the door of the hut: HOME SWEET HOME.
he thought that if once, only once, he could talk with Simms Purdew, something about his own life, and all life, would be clear and simple.
he was seeing, somehow, the face of a young boy, the boy Simms Purdew must once have been, a boy with sorrel hair, and blue eyes dancing with gaiety, and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles.
he wondered if it wore the old anxiety, or the old, taut stoicism.
he wondered what expression, as he made that gesture, was on his face.
his heart suddenly opened to joy.
if Simms Purdew would turn to him and say:" Adam, you know when I was a boy, it was a funny thing happened.
in that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying: < I must not hate him, I must not hate him or I shall die >.
in this heavy air, however, that device did not seem to help.
it gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam, like metal.
it was Pullen James, the campmate of Simms Purdew.
it was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came.
it would be a sign for the untellable, and he, Adam, would understand.
now the face was his own.
now, Adam, in the gray light of afternoon, stared across at the hut opposite his tent, and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom, snoring on his bunk, with the fumes of whisky choking the air.
on such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand, whatever face it might be.
once covertly looking at Simms Purdew, the only man in the world whom he hated, he had seen the heavy, slack, bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel, obscene banter, and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment, and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature.
one, more horrible than the rest, lunged, growling deep in his throat, his hair bristling.
or was he now taking the role- the gesture and the suffering- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the torpid, befogged loneliness of this land.
over the door was a board with large, inept lettering: HOME SWEET HOME.
standing in the shelter of the tent- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped, no longer drumming- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beef barrels.
the chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out.
the crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill.
the drizzle was slacking off now, but the light was grayer.
the men were huddled in those lairs.
the rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street.
the smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other, and hung as sadly in the drizzle, creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof.
the street was again empty.
then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow.
then why was he assuming the role- the gesture and the suffering?
there was, of course, no real need to rearrange everything.
this was Virginia.
this was the hut of Simms Purdew, the hero.
what was he expiating?
when he felt the side of his head, his fingers came away covered with blood.
when they stood about his tent, chaffing each other, exchanging their obscenities, cursing command or weather, he had studied their faces.
with enormous interest, Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him.
with great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run, sweat pouring down his face.
" 'nother minute I 'd have been fine.
" chicken", Mose said, and theatrically licked his lips.
" chicken", Mose said.
" done give Ole Buckra all his money"?
" fooled you, huh?
" good ole lob-scuse", he mumbled, and stirred the pot.
" gre 't big fat chicken, yeah".
" know what I had to fix fer Ole Him"?
" know what Ole Buckra et tonight"?
" what is it"?
" y' all should have let me take that money out", Andrus said.
" y' all wann a walk- walk", he said.
" yeah", Mose murmured," yeah.
" yes, I know, Fritzie.
## Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut.
#TUESDAY# The heat intensified on Tuesday.
Adam looked at the pot.
Adam nodded.
Adam shook his head.
Amy < had > to be safe, < had > to come back to them- if only to reap that share of life's experiences that were her due, if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her.
Amy walked- making it halfway across the cottage floor.
Fritzie was on the couch reading;
I should have".
Laura touched his hand.
Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away.
Mose asked softly.
Mose giggled.
Southern California gasped and blinked under an autumn hot spell, drier, more enervating, more laden with man 's contrived impurities than the worst days of the summer past.
a chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew.
a pot was boiling on the coals.
and hit squealed for slop".
and look what he done give us".
gazing at her husband 's drugged body, his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms, she saw the grandeur of his fictional world, that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs.
had to put my foot on it to hole it down while I cut it up fer the lob-scuse".
he asked.
he demanded.
he dumped the pan of crumbled hardtack into the boiling pot of lobscouse.
he licked his lips again.
he saw Mose squatting by the hearth, breaking up hardtack into a pan.
he seemed to be muttering, his voice surprisingly clear.
he stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder.
he thought: < only in my heart can I make the world hang together >.
in a few minutes she was making the ten-foot hike unaided;
in the darkness, she saw him stirring.
it is salt po 'k and skippers.
it is salt po 'k.
it is sowbelly with tits on.
it is the same ole same, tell me hit's name.
once, they were at Easthampton for the summer ( again, Fritzie said, a good place, even though they were being robbed ).
one soft evening- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun 's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk.
she admired him.
she envied him.
she lost not a second, picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to Laura.
she was a child too much a part of her environment, too eager to grow and learn and experience.
some liar's logic, a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her ), consoled her for a moment.
soon she was parading around the house, flaunting her new skill.
that po 'k, it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say, ' Hoo-pig '.
the comfort was short-lived, yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion.
the infant, in white terry-cloth bathrobe, her face intense and purposeful, had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father.
then Laura took her gently and shoved her off again, toward Fritzie: Amy did not laugh- this was work, concentration, achievement.
then, gently, he shoved her behind toward Laura.
then:" yeah.
through the swathings of terror, she jabbed deceit's sharp point- Amy would be reborn, a new child, with new parents, living under new circumstances.
y' all should have let me do it".
" I hit him in the ass once".
" do you want to call Eugene"?
" finally, all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life".
" funny thing", Mr& Kahler said, when they were seated," when I heard you ringing, I figured it was that guy down the block, Hausman".
" le petit dejeuner", Harold said, in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan, his high-school French teacher.
" scared the hell out of him", Kahler grinned.
Eugene put a spoonful of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water.
Kahler continued:" I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he 's sore, so I expected him to come barging in".
McFeeley looked puzzled.
McFeeley noted the immaculate lawn and gardens: each blade of grass cropped, bright and firm;
Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case, offered no expression of sympathy, made no move to escort McFeeley to the door.
a girl in her twenties, fat and sullen, descending the marble staircase;
a gross boy in his teens, shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands;
a sleepy voice answered.
a tiny cake of ice.
all four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left.
at the same time, his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here, and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable, peace-loving, and dependable in everybody.
both grinned at the detective.
both were dressed rather formally.
butter;
by comparison, Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering fledglings.
each shrub glazed with good health.
flanked by marble urns and alabaster lamps, they seemed to be posing for a tribal portrait.
he did n't, but it was not really a question, and so he left the room, walked down the hall to the front of the apartment, hesitated, and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study.
he found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her.
he had spoken to Mrs& Emerson the previous day.
he imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were, they were never penalized ), whose children had no unhappy romances, whose names never knew scandal.
he would lay in wait in the garage, and when the terrier came scratching around, he 'd let fly with a cherry bomb.
in the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room, and then they went across the hall to the kitchen.
in their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver, they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry.
inside, as soon as Mr& Skopas had disclosed- in a hoarse whisper- the detective's errand, his family gathered in a huddle, forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace.
it was amazing how they had herded together for protection: an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper, rising from the breakfast table;
jam;
mr& Kahler went on to explain how Hausman's fox terrier had been" making" in his flower beds.
mrs& Kahler joined them.
no, they did n't know the Andrus family;
no, they had n't seen anyone around;
several sections of a loaf of dark bread;
she appeared with the teacart and he opened the windows.
she had a dried-out quality- a gray, lean woman, not unattractive.
she was intimidated by the stove.
since ordinary breakfast-table conversation was impossible, it was at least something that they were able to offer Eugene the sugar bowl with their sugar in it, and the plate of bread and butter, and that Eugene could return the pitcher of hot milk to them handle first.
stirring, he said:" I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today".
studying them, McFeeley could not help make comparison with the Andrus couple.
the Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy.
the dog refused to be scared off, so Kahler had purchased some small firecrackers.
the door was answered by a slender man in his sixties- straight-backed, somewhat clerical in manner, wearing rimless glasses.
the equation was simple: wealth brought them happiness, and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had, let no one in on the secrets.
the gas flamed up two inches high.
the man wore a vest and a tie, the woman had on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls.
the master of the house, his nourished face unrevealing, consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective.
their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura, and he had no idea what they would be like.
then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor.
there remained a family named Kahler, owners of a two-story Tudor-style house on the south side of the Andrus home.
they answered him in monosyllables, nods, occasionally muttering in Greek to one another, awaiting the word from Papa, who restlessly cracked his knuckles, anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway.
they assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained.
they found the teakettle and put water on to boil and then searched through the icebox.
they had enough difficulty getting from day to day, let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them.
they offered no opinions, volunteered nothing, betrayed no emotions.
they possessed no outer fortifications, no hard shells of confidence;
when Joe identified himself, he nodded, unsmiling, and ushered him into a sedate living room.
while she was settling the teacart, he went back across the hall to their bedroom, opened one of the suitcases, and took out powdered coffee and sugar.
yes, they had let some reporters use their phone, but they would no longer.
yes, they had read about the case;
" I 've solved the mystery of the little bag.
" I do n't know what I 'm going to do with you".
" I do n't know.
" I do n't think it was that, really".
" I know", he said, reading her mind.
" I know, but there must be some other explanation.
" all because I did n't feel like dancing".
" and for that he needs a little bag"?
" do you think he could be having an affair"?
" it 's because we are in France", he said," and know so few people.
" oh no", Harold said, shocked.
" then what was it"?
" there 's a big boat anchored near the Place de la Concorde, with a swimming pool in it- did n't you notice it?
" well, this is France, after all".
" what boat"?
" what is it"?
**h he brought with him a mixture of myrrh and aloes, of about a hundred pounds' weight.
Barbara asked, as they heard the front door close.
Barbara asked, standing in the doorway.
Barbara bought some cotton aprons, and Harold bought shoestrings.
I wish I did.
also, he was so nice when he < was > nice".
and in any case, answers may clarify but they do not change anything.
and the thing about hurt feelings, the wet bathing suit pointed out, is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be.
but if he has time to go swimming, he had time to be with us".
but where do people go swimming in Paris?
damp also.
for instance- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly, as if this were the one moment they would ever have together, their one chance of knowing each other?
fortunately, the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered, or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields.
he 's probably spending the evening with friends".
he did not explain where he was going, and they did not ask.
he felt them.
he looked around the room and then called out:" come here, quick"?
he reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub.
he was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt, and in his hand he carried a little black bag.
he went down the hall to Eugene's bathroom, to turn on the hot-water heater, and on the side of the tub he saw a pair of blue wool swimming trunks.
his first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe.
in his concept there could be no one else present.
instead, they went on down the hall to their room.
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed, in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute.
it was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole.
listed as present at the Descent were Mary, Mary's sister, Mary Magdalene, John, Joseph of Arimathea, Nicodemus.
looked at everything.
mostly the scene was crowded with mourners, such as the dramatic Dell' Arca Lamentation in Bologna, where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped Mary's last poignant moment.
perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground, while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilate 's asking for Christ's body, Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes, and the others had gone home to mourn.
search as he might, he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus.
she looked at him in surprise.
so something like this matters more than it would at home.
that boat in the river, maybe".
that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial.
the thing about Eugene is that he 's very proud".
the tweed coat, maybe.
there it is **h and there is what was in it.
they could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days.
they had Vermouth, sitting in front of a cafe.
they had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad, busy, unpicturesque streets, and coming home they got lost in the Metro;
they looked, even so.
they took Jesus's body, then, and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices;
they went shopping in the neighborhood, and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois, and some cheese, and a dozen eggs, and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute- the first oranges they had seen since they landed.
they were damp.
those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses.
when he opened the door, there stood Eugene, on his way out of the apartment.
when might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap?
when they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment, and thought how, under different circumstances, they might have stayed on here, in these old-fashioned, high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands' apartment in the East Eighties.
" Argiento, this is senseless", he complained, not liking to work on the wet floors, particularly in cold weather.
" and God help anyone who tries to unteach you"!
" every day.
" no", said Argiento stolidly.
" you 're too clean.
#10.# The arrangement with Argiento was working well, except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice.
Argiento had been trained so rigorously by the Jesuits that Michelangelo was unable to change his habits: up before dawn to scrub the floors, whether they were dirty or not;
Argiento made him lie down on the bed, brought a pan of hot water, dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter.
Argiento never left his side, keeping the water boiled, applying hot compresses throughout the night.
Beth was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps.
Galli arrived with his family surgeon, Maestro Lippi.
I was taught".
Jacopo Galli introduced him into several Roman homes.
Mary presented quite a different problem.
and a Jesus who, though lean, was strong even in death **h a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito.
and by the second night he was in a state of panic: he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye.
at dawn Argiento went to Jacopo Galli.
before dawn.
but at the end of the sitting, when Michelangelo showed him the quick, free drawings, with the mother roughed in, holding her son, the model grasped what Michelangelo was after, and promised to speak to his friends **h.
but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes.
but it would not come.
by the second day Michelangelo began to worry;
carving was action.
drawing and models were his thinking.
frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing:" today I go see the horses".
grumbled Michelangelo;
he assumed he could blink the splinter out.
he drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory, without need to consult his sketches.
he respected each of these approach techniques, and kept them in character: his quill drawings had a scratchiness, suggesting skin texture;
he spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together: a Mary who would be young and sensitive, yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap;
he stumbled into the house, eyes burning like fire.
he told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage, cut a large vein under its wing, let the blood gush into Michelangelo 's injured eye.
he was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes.
he was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim, when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil.
he worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi.
here he sketched, sitting in their flowing gowns of linen and silk, young girls not yet twenty, some about to be married, some married a year or two.
here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms.
his image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman, even as had his memory of his mother.
it took a piece of bad luck to show Michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him.
next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in tactile quality and translucence.
on Sundays he would walk miles into the < campagna > to visit with them, and in particular to see their horses.
only the instructions from his rabbi kept him from bolting.
scrub the studio once a week.
since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men, he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy;
soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay.
that 's enough".
the boy was becoming acquainted with the < contadini > families that brought produce into Rome.
the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh, as in an abdomen, in a reclining torso;
the model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy;
the one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals;
the surgeon came back at dusk, cut the vein of a second pigeon, again washed out the eye.
the surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons.
the thin legs twitched convulsively once, then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound.
the true surge had to be inside the marble itself.
the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull.
they remained rough starting points.
though the pain was considerable Michelangelo was not too concerned.
though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision, he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties, old, wrinkled, broken in body and face by labor or worry.
too careful or detailed studies in clay and wax would have glued him down to a mere enlarging of his model.
water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day, the pots scoured with river sand after each meal.
when carving he was charged with spontaneous energy;
when he wanted to emphasize, or get greater intensity, he added or subtracted clay.
yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about, for Argiento made few demands on him.
yet he never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind;
" I could go with him.
" I stopped to say goodbye, Mrs& Lattimer, and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby.
" all dey know down dere is it were at Manassas Junction and it were a < big > fight", the old man told them.
" as you know, General McClellan has been occupying Beverly.
" cleaned all them Rebs out' n the hills, they did!
" he wants me to go with him tomorrow", she told Kate.
" it was a terrible loss to me", said Kate quietly, feeling the pain twist again at the mention, knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton.
" no, the decision is yours.
" stay here in the parlor where it 's cool", she said, trying to be calm.
" tomorrow.
" what brings you here again, Colonel Marsh"?
" what do you want to do"?
" when are you to leave"?
" where will you go now that you 're leaving Parkersburg"?
Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer, and in the smell of scented candlewick, the comforting awareness of each other's bodies, the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered, their minds grew numb and then empty of images.
I am to go to Washington to serve with him".
I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr& Lattimer".
I think I 've taken it about fifty times already"!
I wish our doctor could have saved her".
Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate.
Jonathan and Ben were not on the lists of the dead or on that of the missing.
Juanita stopped just inside the open door, her hand to her mouth.
Kate and Mrs& Tussle waited for letters anxiously.
Kate asked, uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma.
Kate asked, watching them both now anxiously.
Kate greeted him gravely, uneasy with misgivings at his visit.
Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations.
accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news.
after he had gone, Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly," Would you take their oath"?
and the old man had given a sly and wicked laugh and said," Hell, yes!
as Kate came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel Marsh framed in the doorway, his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore.
at the landing she saw Juanita, her face flushed pink with excitement, run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door.
but I am a slave!
dangling his gaudy trinkets before them, he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains, at Cheat and Rich mountains both, and the Federal march on Beverly.
he has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the Potomac.
he knows me as your niece, which, of course, I am.
her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South" And, dear Kate", she wrote," poor Dr& Breckenridge's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South, to his good father's sorrow.
in spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral, John Hunt Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory"!
in the next few days they had cause to rejoice.
it 's your decision", said Juanita, holding her face very still, trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly.
it had been a big battle, and the Confederate forces had won.
it would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs& Tussle not to see them.
maj& Anderson of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U&S& Army.
rumor of a big battle spread like a grassfire up the valley.
she asked him, seeing Juanita's eyes grow bleak.
she asked, taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun.
she remembered McClellan's last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs.
she sought Kate out upstairs, her lips trembling.
the Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too", he crowed.
the red glow from the cove had died out of the sky.
the things left unsaid they both felt deeply, and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows.
the two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years, and they needed to say no more.
the week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoon's rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window.
their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions, she thought sadly.
then she took iced lemonade to Marsh's young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden.
they all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come, for Virginia had defended her land victoriously.
they had already lost most of their corn, she thought.
they will n't never git over inter loyal western Virginia, them traitors!
were they to be insulted again because of the South's great victory?
when Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out, she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful.
when Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue, Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry.
winking at Joel's look of shock.
would you permit Juanita to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell, Mrs& Lattimer"?
you < own > me.
## David Cortlandt, having slept away a day and a night, came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil.
< and all this too shall pass away: > it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy- yes, in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley, where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires.
Andrei remembered a Bathyran meeting long ago.
Andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference.
David Cortlandt had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface.
David began to shave with great sweeping strokes.
David finished shaving, washed his face clean of lather, and combed and retied his hair.
Tolek Alterman had returned from the colonies in Palestine and, before the national leadership, exalted the miracles of drying up swamps and irrigating the desert.
a carriage raising up the choking June dust, and beyond, in a meadow, a local militia company drilling with muskets, Kentuck' rifles, every kind of horse pistol, old sword, or cutlass.
a fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched.
a man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days.
across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber;
along Wappinger Creek in Dutchess County, past the white church at Fishkill, past Verplanck's Point on the east bank of the Hudson, to the white salt-crusted roads of the Long Island Rockaways there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen.
and what of that poor tarred and feathered wretch he had seen on the road driving down from Schuyler's?
below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island, gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms, cattle barns, and berry thickets.
burly leathered men and wrinkled women in drab black rags carried on in a primitive way, almost unchanged from feudal times.
but it did not matter.
from the saddlebags, hung on a Hitchcock chair, David took out a good English razor, a present from John Hunter.
had he found the meaning too late?
he began to pack the saddlebags.
he did not have to hurry it by thinking too much.
he drove sensual patterns off, carefully shaving his long upper lip.
he felt cheerful again, refreshed;
he found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap, and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt, its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost **h.
he had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept.
he hoped he was free of self-deception.
he knew that many were using it for their own ends.
he looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather, looked out at King's Bridge toward Westchester.
he saw with John Hunter now that the perfectability of man was a dream.
he scratched his mosquito-plagued neck.
he stropped the razor slowly;
he was proud that he had never worn a wig.
he wondered how they could go on in poverty, superstition, ignorance, with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish.
here he was, suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war, in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories.
in the meadow below, militia officers shouted at their men and on King's Bridge two boys sat fishing.
injury and ingratitude would occur.
it is harder, he muttered, to meditate on man ( or woman ) than on God.
it is so easy to falsify sentiment **h.
life was a short play of tenebrous shadows.
more and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder.
no doubt John Hancock would do well now;
now there was more to do.
one had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing.
orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government.
peasants puzzled Andrei.
pensive, introspective, he ached.
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit, the well-made riding boots.
that some men did not want it he could understand.
the < chevaux de frise >, those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the Battery, pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in glassy swells as the tide came in.
the British ships rolled at anchor, sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London.
the future would happen;
the moral aridity of merchants made them loyal usually to their ledgers.
the road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual;
the wraith-like events of the last few days flooded David's mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston.
their rock paths led down to the Hudson.
there would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon, but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war.
things like that would increase rather than be done away with.
time plays an essential part in our mortality, and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind- so desirable, so lusty, so full of nuances of pleasure and joy.
today, tomorrow, six months, even perhaps a year **h The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight.
unique circumstances would test us all, he decided.
waited for more ships, more lobster-backed infantry, and asked < what > was to be done with a war of rebellion?
war was a smugglers' heaven.
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born.
yet some, like Morris Manderscheid, would bankrupt themselves for the new ideas.
" Captain **h Jan **h must you go inside Majdanek?
" Captain Androfski"!
" I 'm lucky that you were still living in Lublin".
" I am only a simple soldier.
" I do n't know.
" I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn.
" I have to believe it".
" can he be trusted"?
" do you really believe that, Jan"?
" for a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces, but one thing led to another.
" good man, Styka".
" he is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he betrays you".
" his answer"?
" it 's good to see you again, Styka".
" not everyone, Styka".
" remember to call me Jan", Andrei said.
" ten thousand zlotys".
" there is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek.
" were you able to make the arrangements"?
" what good will it really do"?
" when that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war".
Andrei asked.
Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached, homely face of Sergeant Styka.
Andrei stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings.
I came to Warsaw twice, but there was that damned ghetto wall **h"" I understand".
I cannot think things out too well.
I did exactly as instructed.
I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married.
I hated you when I first came in.
I thought you might get in on a morning train".
I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside Majdanek so you can make a report to the government in exile in London".
I work at the granary.
Krakow Boulevard was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries.
Styka blew his nose again.
Styka grumbled about fate.
Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose vociferously.
Styka sat beside him and pumped his hand excitedly.
Styka shook his head slowly.
Styka studied his captain.
as the camp emptied, it was refilled by a draining of the camps and towns around Lublin, then by deportees from outside Poland.
but **h my captain might have been a Jew, but he was n't a Jew.
down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall.
he almost broke into tears.
he found an empty bench, opened a newspaper, and stretched his legs before him.
hell, sir.
his captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby.
his watch told him he was still early.
in and in and in they poured through the gates of Majdanek, but they never left, and Majdanek was not growing any larger.
in the spring of 1942 Operation Reinhard began in Lublin.
many times I tried to reach you, but I never knew how.
not a bad girl.
nothing like the old days in the army, but I get by.
perhaps **h perhaps **h there is a shred of conscience left in the human race.
perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation".
so we have three children and responsibilities.
the ghetto, a miniature of Warsaw's, was emptied into the camp in the Majdan-Tartarski suburb called Majdanek.
the stories **h Everyone really knows what is happening there".
to him, Andrei Androfski had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer.
until I was transferred into the Seventh Ulanys I was like every other Pole in my feeling about Jews.
was Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw?
was there another Majdanek in the Warsaw area, as they suspected?
what I mean is, he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys.
what was happening in Majdanek?
who complains?
" I could scratch her eyes out", Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth.
" Joseph Maria Ballestre meet Francis Xavier Bowman.
" and do n't either of you forget that I 'm not any man's property.
" precious and I allow each other absolute freedom.
" precious.
" that really would be funny".
" well I object.
" what about Ballestre"?
" you know I do n't like my men to have other women.
Brown eyes, eyebrow mustache.
Eileen declared she could n't lift her head from the pillow.
Eileen got to dancing, just a little tiny dancing step to a hummed tune that you could hardly notice, and trying to pick up strange men, but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out she 'd pull herself together and talk so understandingly in that sweet husky voice about the good times and the happiness we 'd had together and there I was back on the hook.
Eileen was a psychologist all right.
I 'll just tell him you 're my husband.
I 'm not a plaster saint.
I could n't face Thelma after that night.
I did have the decency to call up Thelma and tell her I 'd met old friends and would be home late.
I did n't even have the nerve to call her on the telephone.
I had to shake her to make her listen.
I hate it".
I hate it.
I must know that that was my greatest weakness underlined three times.
I never felt such a lowdown hound in my life.
I stiffened.
I turned around with the percolator in my hand.
I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell.
I wrote her that I 'd met up with Eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express.
after all I 'm made of flesh and blood.
afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away.
all she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever.
exboyfriend meet exhusband".
first thing I knew he was in the kitchenette cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her coffeecup and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers.
he 's used to me bringing home strange men.
he can n't object to that".
honest I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a dog's that is going to get into a fight.
if he pokes his nose in here I 'll slug him".
if you want to fight, go down on the sidewalk".
imagine that.
instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him.
it was a walk up on Hudson Street.
maybe he felt the same way.
my eyes were so bleary I could barely see him but there he was, a little smooth olivefaced guy in a new spring overcoat and a taffycolored fedora.
never in my life have I felt so remorseful about anything I 've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife.
of course I had to give her Eileen's address, but she never came near us.
oval face without an expression in the world.
she added a postscript begging me to be careful about drinking.
she began to laugh.
she gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard.
she got so drunk I had to take her home.
she just about made me carry her upstairs and then she clung to me and would n't let me go.
she lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot.
she never said a word about the fifty dollars.
she was enjoying the situation.
she was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed.
suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic.
that finished me with Thelma.
the place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimplike characters use.
there was a man's jacket on the chair and a straw hat on the table.
there was somebody else in the apartment.
waking up was horrible.
we are above being jealous.
we both had hangovers.
we did n't have time to speak before Eileen's voice was screeching at us from the bed.
what about him"?
" I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers", he said.
" I guess it will be all right.
" I will be expecting them".
" all right", Rector said.
" at three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time".
" oh"?
" this afternoon", the secretary said.
" unless the < oyabun > has been working on it", he said, then checked himself and added:" you can tell Kayabashi- < san > that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use".
Hino talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject.
Hino was elated at the prospect.
Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast, in Chiba, and divided his life between the land and the sea, supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat.
Rector had never been able to find out much about Hino's past.
Rector had no doubt that Hino would come back from the village bursting with information, ready to impart it with his customary gusto, liberally embellished with his active imagnation.
Rector laughed despite himself.
Rector said.
Rector was often curious;
Sposato could n't wait to get me hired.
Sposato needed a front, some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the Redhook local.
all of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord, but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants.
as long as there were two human beings working together on the same project, there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave.
but perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan, that man's ambition when linked with God would be a driving, indefatigable force for good in the world.
even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it, not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church- his ambitions for the bishopry had died very early in his career- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel.
for once radicalism was a recommendation.
from the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job, any job- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand- he had been ready to become a Christian.
he had already been studying the Bible;
he had gone into the Japanese navy, had been trained as an officer, had participated in one or two battles- he never went into detail regarding his military experience- and at the age of twenty-five, quite as a bolt out of the blue, he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian.
he had something more to say.
he knew the fundamentals, and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector, announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that.
he left with all the joyous spirit of a child going on a holiday, nodding attentively as Rector gave him his final instructions.
he sighed.
he wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated, the Communists in the village rooted out, the mission standing triumphant, for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant, too.
he was about to hang up the phone, but a note of hesitancy in the secretary's voice left the conversation open.
he was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the < pachinko > parlor- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy.
he was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted.
he was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego, demanding to be satisfied, for the two were intertwined and could not be separated.
he was simply to listen and report back what he heard.
he was surprised to find Kayabashi's secretary on the other end of the line.
he was to get involved in no arguments;
he was to try to make no converts;
he would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory, however it was brought about, would be sweet indeed.
his arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop, using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse.
his first move was to send Hino to the village to spend a few days.
how foolish it was to try to fathom the truth in an area where only faith would suffice.
if and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences, he would do so unasked.
if he wanted to know anything, he would end up asking about it point-blank, but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection.
in all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like Hino.
in any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked, telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning.
it was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it, for Hino, frankly partisan, openly gregarious, would make a poor espionage agent.
it was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions.
it was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York.
no matter how devoted a man was, no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord, he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual.
often tempted to ask questions but he never did.
one reason the portwatchers let Sposato take them over was to get the protection of his musclemen.
putting the pieces of this mosaic together, Rector had the vague outlines of a biography.
the < oyabun > was entertaining a group of dignitaries, the secretary said, businessmen from Tokyo for the most part, and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission.
the things a man will do for a woman.
there I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker who 'd never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement.
there was one fact which Rector could not overlook, one truth which he could not deny.
they had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it.
they were n't as well paid as they should have been.
when the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village, Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return, for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rector's office rarely rang unless it was important.
when would the < oyabun > like to bring his guests up here"?
with my gray hair and my weatherbeaten countenance I certainly looked the honest working stiff.
without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations, but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller.
" Mars and Venus, Bacchus and Ariadne, Jupiter and Io, Byron and the nymph of the owl's nest.
" seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell".
" sex is overpriced", he said.
" so you know something of the classics, do you"?
" tell me about Minerva, how she behaved, what she did to please you".
" the gods seemed to think sex pretty important", she rebutted.
" the great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate, not man against man for the prize of a woman's body.
" tomorrow will be a new experience- I have never before made love to a nightingale **h.
" we found some owls had built a nest in the chimney, milord, but I promise you you 'll never have trouble of that sort again".
" what about the bedroom"?
" your voice is delightful", he approved with a warm smile.
Byron inquired.
Byron laughed.
Claire felt suddenly small and cheap, heroine of a trivial episode in the voluminous history of Don Juan.
Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose.
a cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port.
a scant half mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their diminutive terrace, the air about them scented with stock, and listening to the nightingale who had nested in the big lime tree at the foot of the garden.
alas, all that belonged to the age of" Devil Dashwood" and" Wicked Wilkes", abbot and beadsman of the Order!
alone with the fabulous Byron!
and he would see her that evening.
and so they went, he choosing of all places an inn near Medmenham Abbey, scene a generation ago of the obscene orgies of the Hellfire Club.
and while her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience, satiety might well be an equal handicap.
as they waited for supper they sat by the fire, glasses in hand, while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers.
at last he consented to meet her, and following that brief interview Claire wrote him a yet more remarkable proposal: have you any objection to the following plan?
at the inn, which was situated close to a broad weir, Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as" milord".
at their meeting he told her not to bother about" where"- he would attend to that.
but when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement.
charming and peaceful- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure?
each wore the monkish scourge at his waist but this, it seems, was not employed for self-flagellation **h.
he regaled Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the cassocked bloods, which he had had at firsthand from old Bud Dodington, one of the leaders of the so-called" Order".
he replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger, but- joy of joys, he would be at home at the hour mentioned.
his lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but, if there were no opportunities there, would he read and criticize her novel?
how many women had longed for the privilege that was hers.
how was she to behave, Claire wondered.
in the bedroom she would insist on darkness.
mystery- that was the thing.
naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey, the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities.
no, she would not pretend modesty, but neither must she be crudely bold.
on Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles.
she could act and she could write.
she had never sung better.
she opened his reply with trembling fingers **h he agreed!
she sang him Scott's charming ballad" Rosabelle", which was the vogue of the moment.
she was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeare's poem.
she was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed.
she wrote again and now, abandoning for the moment the theme of love, she asked for help in the matter of her career.
so do n't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance".
so, not only had he been here before, but it seemed he might well come again.
that would be Minerva, I suppose.
the casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison.
the fire in the sitting room was lighted.
the fish took the bait.
the jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish.
the place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown.
there have been cooing doves, chattering magpies, thieving jackdaws, a proud peacock, a silly goose, and a harpy eagle- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals".
there was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and, as Claire rose to go, he asked her to sing him one song before she left.
there we shall be free and unknown;
they passed close by the turn to Bishopsgate.
to be passive, to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd.
victory at last!
was n't the owl her symbol"?
we can return the following morning **h She concluded by asking for a brief interview-" to settle with you < where >" - and she threw in a tribute to his" gentle manners" and" the wild originality of your countenance".
when Napoleon's ship had borne him to Elba, French wines had started to cross the Channel, the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years, but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled.
with his club foot he might well be grateful.
#@ 9 @# THE BOMBPROOF was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth.
-beckworth.
-fetch me the copies of everything B and C companies have requisitioned in the last six months.
-sir?
-the last < six > months, sir?
-we will n't be too long.
-yes, sir.
-yes, sir.
-you heard me.
Beckworth handed the pass to the colonel.
Beckworth left the tent.
Byron, since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in Piccadilly Terrace.
I want to take a look.
Watson glanced briefly at him, seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner.
Watson had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass.
Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later.
Watson had presented his pouch and been led to the bombproof.
Watson hardly looked at him.
Watson turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag.
a crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor.
an officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank.
at least the Union officer had been decent enough to provide a candle.
below he could see the bright torches lighting the riverbank.
but he groped blindly.
but the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing.
despite his yearning, the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines.
for the moment there was no woman in his life, and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity.
from the outside, it seemed no more than a low drumlin, a lump on the dark earth.
get busy.
he glanced back.
he had acknowledged the man.
he had hoped to be alone in the bombproof, but the soldier had followed him.
he had peered through the darkness at the rampart.
he had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order, but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the colonel's belt.
he paced slowly, stooping, staring at the damp, slippery floor.
he refused to bring Claire to it even as an occasional visitor, claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes.
he stood stiffly erect, clutching the staff, his body half hidden by the limp cloth.
he tried defiance and openly flaunted his devotion to his half sister, but he soon saw, as did she, that this course if persisted in would involve them in a common ruin.
he tried to order the words of the three Union officers, seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy.
he wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange, no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt.
he would remain in the tent, waiting impatiently, occupied by some trivial task.
if my pass is approved, I may be a half hour.
in the corner was the soldier with the white flag.
it 's got to stop.
it stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank.
it was easier to think now, Watson decided.
perhaps it would be better to speak to him, since silence could not exorcise his form.
someone had hauled him over the side, and he had remained silent while they crossed.
the colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs, methodically tearing at his thumbnail.
the man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant, brandishing the flag of truce.
the men he would take back across the river stood there, but he turned away from them.
the men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer, two of them calling him Billy.
the officer had told him that both lists must be checked.
the officer, surprised, said he would have to see.
the place smelled strongly of rank, fertile earth, rotting wood and urine.
the plank floor was slimed beneath Watson's boots.
the soldier answered in a curious, muffled voice, his lips barely moving.
the stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts.
there 's a lot of waste going on here.
there was no place to sit, but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back, stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams.
this is no damned holiday, Beckworth.
though Watson carefully ignored the man, he could not deny his presence.
two slits enabled observers to watch across the river.
when the boat had touched, the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers.
- < Goddamn you!
-henry said that he 'd take my arm and get me right there.
-henry?
-hush.
-it do n't matter.
-let me help him, for the love of God!
-make him lie down!
-no.
-not far.
-oh, Christ **h.
-why, course I can.
-yes.
-you talk deep.
> intelligence jabbed at him accusingly.
I can walk real good.
I wish you was Henry **h.
John's type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen.
Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet.
Watson gesticulated wildly.
Watson paused for breath.
Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped, panting heavily.
Watson snatched a deep breath.
Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches.
Watson stared into a cadaverous face.
Watson stumbled down the bank.
Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff.
Watson turned away, sickened for the first time in many months.
all his emotions had been inward, self-conscious.
another body length or all the rest of his nighted life?
beneath his clutch, a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone.
but you ai n't Henry.
can you walk?
come on, now.
he had not felt that during the afternoon.
he had not meant to shout.
he heard the patient voice calling.
he promised to take me.
he reached down and closed his fingers on the man's upper arm.
he stood with his back to the skiff.
he was angry, sickened.
he was no heavier than a child.
he was sure of it.
his sweet whisper came after great effort.
how far could it be, Watson thought bleakly, how far can a blind man crawl?
in war, on a night like this, it was only the outward emotions that mattered, what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others.
is it far?
it raises the voice, bein in camp.
light sticks of fingers, the tips gummy with dark earth, patted at Watson's throat.
no, nor later.
not like us fellas.
one man dropped to his knee for better aim.
that was it.
the guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen, puzzled faces.
the man leaned his frail body against Watson's shoulder.
the man swayed on a thwart, turning his ruined eyes from side to side.
the man wheezed weakly, his fetid breath beating softly against Watson's neck.
the man's voice was a sweet, patient whisper.
the men mewed and scratched, begging to be taken away.
two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids.
we 're almost there.
what do you do to them?
where are you, Henry?
yes.
you Secesh?
" I 'll have a drink, then, if you 'll have one with me".
" I 've never done this before", she said later, when he was arranging himself to leave.
" I 've never done this before", they always said, pouring another whiskey.
" I 've never done this before", they always said, putting on their stockings.
" I 've never done this before", they always said, shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders.
" I 've never done this before", they always said, waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor.
" I 've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible **h".
" I 've seen you, though, before", she said with enormous coyness, patting his knee.
" I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting", she said," but will n't you make yourself a little drink while you wait?
" I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans.
" I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the hepatitis fund", she said excitedly when he walked in.
" and I am not sure that I have any cash- any < money >, that is- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook.
" but I do n't know the Flannagans", Charlie Pastern said.
" if you will promise to make it weak".
" infectious hepatitis", he shouted heartily.
" mr& Flannagan has been away for six weeks **h".
" mr& Flannagan is away", she said.
" nobody does, but they gave me ten last year".
" oh, please come in", she said.
" sit down", he said," and enjoy your drink and look for your checkbook later.
" what train does Mr& Flannagan come out on"?
" your wife just called", she said, separating one word from another, exactly like a child.
I want to get my kit in tomorrow morning- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner"?
a fire had just been lighted, he saw, and things had been set out for drinks, and, like any stray, his response to these comforts was instantaneous.
all in all, they had six drinks.
and knowing its humble place in the scale of things, why did he, at this time of life, seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness?
at the end of the room there was a desk heaped with papers, and she began to riffle these, making sighs and and noises of girlish exasperation.
but the Blevins were away;
changing his clothes upstairs?
everything 's on the table".
he did n't doubt her truthfulness, although he had heard the words a hundred times.
he travelled all over the world.
he was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins', thinking that they might give him a drink.
he was tired, he had his business worries, and the sight of his wife arranging pork chops in the broiler only seemed like an extension of a boring day.
her hair was dyed, and her bloom was fading, and she must have been crowding forty, but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight.
her voice dropped.
her voice shook with feeling, and he thought it lovely.
it serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass.
mr& Flannagan manufactured plastic tongue depressors.
on ships at sea, on railroad trains, in summer hotels with mountain views, they always said," I 've never done this before".
planes made her feel faint, and in Tokyo, where she had gone that summer, she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home.
she and her husband had formerly lived in New York, where she had many friends, but Mr& Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war.
she described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly.
she did n't like to travel.
she had made no friends.
she had no children;
she stayed too late, and when she left, it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband.
she stopped at the Surcliffes' after dusk, and had a Scotch-and-soda.
she took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and, walking with very small steps, started toward the door.
she was not a girl, he could see.
she would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom.
sheer plumpness, he knew, is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions.
taking a shower?
the girlish voice was nearly a whisper.
the name encouraged him, because he always felt that he could < handle > the Irish.
the only way to find things is to relax".
the remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he did n't know what to make of them, but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there.
the thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him, although he was even more touched by her plumpness.
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door.
there was a glass pane in the front door, and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers.
travelling home on a late train?
turning in at the Flannagans' driveway, he tried to remember if he had ever met them.
where was < Mr > & Flannagan, he wondered.
will n't you step into the living room, where it 's cozier"?
" I imagine the old girl has n't missed us much", Mark added, his eyes on the road.
" I suppose it has to do with the property", Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters.
" remember the < Starbird?
" she 's probably getting old- crotchety, I mean- and we figured uh-uh, better not.
" she did n't mention bringing Myra", Mark said, maneuvering the car into the next lane.
" the < Starbird, >" Abel said.
## The brothers drove down together in Mark's small red sports car, Mark at the wheel.
>" Mark asked, and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road, the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down.
Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation.
Abel moved and adjusted his long legs.
Abel sat and regarded the farm country which, spreading out from both sides of the road, rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields.
I feel kind of bad about it".
Mark's thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own, climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers, clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant.
and indeed the young garden beans were brackish in her mouth.
and it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger, impervious, complete in itself.
but Myra would n't budge without an express invitation.
but the boy **h the boy had been alive yesterday.
each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her.
he and Mark were the last of the family, and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end, stretching from horizon to horizon, in those golden days of summer.
he could tell they were approaching the sea.
he gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel, hugging it to him, and Abel caught this briefest of allusions to guilt.
he ran on his plump sticks of legs, freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs, all carefully placed and glued and labeled, resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire.
he saw the < Starbird > as she lay, her slender mast up and gently turning, its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky.
he saw the land with a stranger's eyes, all the old familiarness gone.
he smiled.
he turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great fieldstone house which, built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor, had been Izaak's bride-gift to his cousin-wife as the last century ended.
here, too, she talked low, quirking her head at one or another of the places, most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table.
his sandy hair was already beginning to thin and recede at the sides, and Abel looked quickly away.
in the cruel clearness of her memory the boy remained unchanged, quick with the delight of laughter, and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her.
in the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessica's letter.
it could have been anyone's infant, for it had not survived the bassinet.
it seemed to her, as it seemed each night, that the gloom drew itself in and became densest at the table's empty chairs, giving her the frequent illusion that she dined with shadows.
it was barely possible that his brother was right.
it was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea.
mark easily looked years older than himself, settled, his world comfortably categorized.
mark held the wheel loosely, but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he 'd make in the years to come.
not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea, and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness.
now Abel turned his head to look at his brother.
or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed, consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years.
procreation, expansion, proliferation- these are the laws of living things, with the penalty for not obeying them the ultimate in punishments: oblivion.
she ate.
she swung her eyes up to the blue of the window, her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans.
she thought again of her children, those two who had died young, before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies.
she was the last living of the older generation.
solid, settled **h lost.
that is what childhood is, he told himself.
the air took on a special strength now that they' d left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind.
the boyhood summers preceding their uncle's funeral might never have been.
the girl, her first, she barely remembered.
the old woman, stubbornly reigning in the house above the crashing waters took on an ominous reality.
the small car flew on relentlessly.
the two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team **h all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could.
the vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea.
there was stability there, too- a color which his life had had once.
there was the day Uncle Izaak had, in an unexpected grandiose gesture, handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps, on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever the younger boy wished.
there was the smell of the coast, like a primeval memory, composed of equal parts salt water, clams, seaweed and northern air.
they had closed over, absolutely, with the sealing of old Izaak's grave.
they rarely spoke.
they seemed then to have had a single mind and body, a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth, casually.
they' ve never met, you know.
what bad grace, what incredible selfishness he and Mark had shown.
what had once been a widespread family- at one time, she knew, there were enough Packards to populate an entire county- had now narrowed down to the two boys, Abel and Mark.
what hope lay in the nephews, she asked the intensifying light out there, with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced, having sired two girl children, with none to bear on the Packard name?
when the fate of the individual is visited on the group, then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ), ah, then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted.
" Jorge".
" Pa do n't care about the kid".
" ai n't he going to wake up"?
" big Hans made me come.
" do n't be smart.
" do n't be smart.
" go back to sleep most likely".
" he said a fat hell on Big Hans".
" he said a fat hell on Big Hans".
" he was awake when I left".
" listen to me, Jorge, I 've had enough to your sassing.
" well he do n't.
" well"?
" what about your pa"?
" what' d he say?
" yeah".
" you 'd best get that whisky".
" you go.
Hans got an axe.
Hans had laid steaming towels over the kid's chest and stomach.
I always felt the memory was present in both of them, stirring in their chests like a laugh or a growl, as eager as an animal to be out.
I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs.
I taught him, dammit, and I 'll teach you.
Pa 'd been shit-sick in that pot.
Pa 's scared to hell of axes".
Pedersen.
all he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face.
big Hans said"-" A fat hell on Big Hans.
both you and Hans.
did you ask him about the whisky"?
did you get the whisky"?
do n't come back.
do you?
fat, hey?
find out something.
get pig-drunk- that's what he wants.
he 's an even bigger fool than you are.
he did n't even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pa's door down before he stopped.
he do n't care about anybody.
he do n't care at all, and I do n't care to get my head busted neither.
he do n't care, and I do n't care to have his shit flung on me.
he had long black hairs on his wrist.
he might not have gone that far if Pa had n't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house.
he was about to get up so I got out, slamming the door.
he was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep.
he was rubbing snow on the kid's legs and feet.
he was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow.
if I do n't get some whisky down him he might die.
once he went after Hans and dumped his pot over the banister.
out".
out.
out.
take the axe.
that cock.
that pot put Pa in an awful good humor whenever he thought of it.
then he threw things.
they curled around the cuff of his nightshirt.
this kid 's froze bad.
water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was, and the dough was turning pasty, sticking to the kid 's back and behind.
well, get your pa and get that whisky".
what 's he going to do"?
you 're a fool.
you want me to drop my pot"?
you want the kid to die?
" I can n't".
" O&K&, I 'm lifting".
" all right".
" come on, Jorge".
" do n't hold him like that.
" he 'll choke anyway".
" his mouth is open".
" his throat 's shut.
" hold his head up".
" hold his head up.
" lift, do n't shove **h lift".
" now he 'll choke for sure".
" shut up.
" well Jesus".
Hans had his fingers in the kid's mouth.
I did n't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and did n't make any move to.
I had my arm behind his back.
I put my arm carefully around him.
I took him by the shoulders.
Stowey Rummel was internationally famous, a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes, an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality.
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill, vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air, masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house, visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor.
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it.
and she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog, mad as she was at his going away when he really did n't have to, mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by.
bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden Cycly Company plant hung on a rope in one corner, and over his desk, next to several old and dusty hats, was a clean pair of roller skates which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house.
but he was not bored at all;
but he was too busy to hear what she was saying.
everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form: his models, drawings, ten-foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days, and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac.
finding the key under his shoe, he started the engine, and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog, and said," Defrost the refrigerator".
he 'll choke".
he 'll choke".
he could no longer build anything, whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil, without it being obvious that he had done it, and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique, they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time, a quality of authentic uniqueness about them, which, once established by an artist as his private vision, is no longer disputable as to its other values.
he had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked, and good humor;
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it, and he could not imagine why he should alter it.
he had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife, a remarkably childish thing in itself;
he kept on laughing until she started laughing with him.
he left his home the day after New Year 's wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat.
he rose at half-past six every morning, made himself some French coffee, had his corn flakes and more coffee, smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's < Herald Tribune > and yesterday's Pittsburgh < Gazette >, then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop.
he saw the surprise in her face, and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen.
he was cold all right, and wet.
he was cold all right.
he was cold all right.
he was in his mid-fifties at this time, long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again, and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing.
he worked standing, with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment, sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand.
he would settle himself into his seat to laugh.
he would wear this same costume in Florida, despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him.
her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders.
his files, desk, drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos.
his head flopped back.
his mouth fell open.
it all seemed- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work.
it was always the same unqualified success now.
just hold him like I told you".
put your arms around him".
she was forty-nine at this time, a lanky woman of breeding with an austere, narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer.
so they parted when she was in an impatient humor.
sometimes he would grunt softly to some invisible onlooker beside him, sometimes he would look stern and moralistic as his pencil did what he disapproved.
the debris of his other careers was piled everywhere;
the skin on his neck was tight.
there are, after all, fortunate souls who hear everything, but only know how to listen to what is good for them, and Stowey was, as things go, a fortunate man.
there was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received;
this air of disengagement carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things, and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine.
this was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks, some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist.
when he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon, feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before, she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head, which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad, and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window.
whenever he laughed it was all he was doing.
" Cousin Ada!
" Cousin Howard"!
" Cousin Lura"!
" Howard".
" about the same, John, about the same".
" and how is she"?
" and who is this"?
" did he ever visit here when he was a kid"?
" gosh, I do n't know.
" he 's a right smart younger than the rest"?
" he 's ten years younger than Ernest.
" he makes me uncomfortable".
" hell, I do n't know.
" how old is he"?
" let 's see", Cousin Ada said.
" listen, I never had a chance to kill an antelope.
" oh he 's a second cousin or something.
" oh that's Linda Kay", Mama Albright said fondly.
" oh yes", Mama laughed.
" say, did you know they' re fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the Double X"?
" she married our baby boy, Bobby Joe, this summer".
" we 're going after ice", Howard said," and thought maybe you 'd go along and keep us company".
" we were on our vacation in Canada", Howard explained, in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming," and the news did n't catch up with us till we were nearly home.
" who is Howard, anyway"?
" who"?
Bobby Joe took a gun from behind the door, and with a quick" Bye now" was gone for the day.
Bobby Joe was thinking about something else.
Cousin John"!
Howard ( the thick middle-aged man ) was looking at her.
Linda Kay asked.
all the women got up and offered their chairs, and when they were all seated again, the guests made their inquiries and their explanations.
almost immediately Howard and his daughter Debora drove up in the Cadillac.
almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain, at such a time, in such a place, and she tossed back her long yellow hair, smiling shyly as she entered the room.
carrying it to the living room, she imagined the picture she made: tall and roundly slim, a bit sophisticated in her yellow sheath, with a graceful swingy walk that she had learned as a twirler with the school band.
driving along the caliche-topped road to town, Howard talked.
finally he said," Tell me about yourself", and Linda Kay told him, because she thought herself that she had had an interesting life.
he 's been married and got this half-grown kid.
he 's just a big windbag".
he asked, when she passed him a glass.
he got in the oil business out at Odessa and lucked into some money".
he was talking about antelope again when they woke up.
if he bothers you, do n't pay him any mind.
it was a Cadillac, black grayed with the dust of the road, its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled.
off and on, all day, someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything.
one afternoon, as the women sat clucking softly, a new carload of people pulled up at the gate.
she asked Bobby Joe that night.
she felt the look and looked back because she could not help it, seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed.
she filled a big pitcher and set it, with glasses, on a tray.
so that the rest of the house stayed open, though there was a question as to whether it was hotter or cooler that way.
the dust clogged their throats, and the heat parched them, so that the women were always making ice water.
the evaporative cooler had been moved to Granny's room, and her door was kept shut;
then, hearing the muffled boom of Howard's laughter, blushed redder.
there never was a season before, but now they want to thin 'em out on account of the drouth".
there was much embracing, much exclaiming.
there was really no reason to refuse, and Linda Kay had never ridden in a Cadillac.
there was the suggestion of ice water, and- in spite of the protest" We 're not really thirsty"- Linda Kay, to escape the stuffy air and the smothering soft voices, hurried to the kitchen.
they had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town, as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there.
they were an old fat couple ( as Linda Kay described them to herself ), a thick middle-aged man, and a girl about ten or twelve.
thirty-five, I guess.
this joke was not funny to Linda Kay, and she blushed, as she always did;
thought for the longest he was a tumor".
we came on as soon as we could".
we did n't expect him to come along;
when he was a kid I was n't around".
" Bonjour, messieurs, vous etes matinals", she greeted them pleasantly.
" all right.
" comment"?
" have you got our keys handy"?
" right in my pocket".
" that was the < fille de chambre >, the one you thought could n't get the eggs out.
" vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors"?
" who was that, young feller"?
Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who, for all his care, manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled.
Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him, attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind Alex's arm and back.
Alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctor's room.
Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat;
Alex told her that there was no hurry for their breakfasts, trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him.
Giselle was reluctant but Alex succeeded in persuading her to come back in five minutes and the door was shut again.
a bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the < fille de chambre's > presence inside;
a guest was locking his room;
all search was ended;
although a look of alarm passed over his face, he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine.
and hopes that the chambermaid and < patronne > would still be abed began to rise in Alex 's well exercised breast.
anyhow she 's coming back in five minutes to do the room".
at the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished < fille de chambre > to return in ten minutes.
ejaculated the surprised woman, looking at Alex for an explanation but he, parting from her without ceremony, only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work.
eyes swerved in the < patronne's > head, Alex coughed loudly, and the doctor, with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him, took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps.
he had found his fowl.
he opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling, coughing, and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest.
he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a muted voice.
it was Giselle, the < fille de chambre >, come to clean the room, and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity, explaining her errand, Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird.
it was a fine broody hen, white, with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen.
it was evident that a second transfer had to be effected, and that it had to take place between the time the < fille > finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex 's.
it was then that they heard the tread of one descending and, in some perturbation glancing up, saw the < patronne > coming towards them as they gained the landing.
now you go outside and beckon me when it 's safe".
one part of her audience was totally engaged, the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic, the other part, the guest of the connoisseur, attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand.
she looked mighty interested, though.
shortly, the doctor himself entered, his hair somewhat wet from the shower, but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures.
startled, he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view, and Alex went to the door.
the audience attended.
the clocks struck seven-thirty as they approached the hotel entrance;
the dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done with his ministrations when quite abruptly something broke his revery.
the doctor instantly asked.
the doctor sat down rather wearily, caressing the hen and remarking that the city was not the place for a poultry-loving man, but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more.
the doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob, but to no effect: the lavatory was occupied.
the doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat, hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens.
the doctor's mind was working at a great speed;
the doctor's wits had not left him, however, for all his sixty-eight years, and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead.
the doctor, he noticed, was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs, but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well.
the doctor, with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope, drew Alex's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him: the fine color in comb and wattles, the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles, the firm, wide spread of the toes, and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets.
the events of the last quarter of an hour, mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard, had overcome the doctor's hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails, perhaps mourning her nest, but briefly enjoyed.
the hall was empty and Alex beckoned;
the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door.
the hen appeared to have no doubts as to her duties and was quick to settle down to the performance of them.
the purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again, the hen, with whom some sort of communication had been set up, nestling in the doctor's arms.
the spectacle progressed towards a denouement which was obviously still remote;
their hostess enquired.
there was no reference to the incident on the stairs, his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business.
they advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up, with gingerly steps, towards the first landing.
they climbed the stairs which creaked, very loudly to their sensitive ears, and reached the next floor.
they listened and suddenly a step towards the door announced another important fact.
they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed.
they waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe;
time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature.
unwarranted they were in any case for, as he stood facing the < fille de chambre >, his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room.
when Alex entered his room, the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case, six eggs ready for the hen's attentions.
with that he hurried up the stairs, followed by her suspicious gaze.
without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside.
" I 've been bursting my lungs for you", Mr& Jack complained.
" I do n't know what you think you 've been doing about my clothes", he said.
" Winston"!
" Winston", she said," get the basket for the breakables".
" good-by, Winston", Mr& Jack said, giving a final set to his hat.
" hey"!
" look out for those movers"!
" this coat looks like a rag heap".
" you want to keep this job, do n't you"?
## After Mr& Jack drove away, Winston went on looking out the window.
Miss Ada had been out back, in a straw hat, planting flowers.
Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
Winston enjoyed seeing him start out;
Winston had been surprised at her for that.
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall.
Winston hurried through the swinging door.
Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work.
Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car;
a handsome, fine-looking man it made him proud to see.
already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate, and the periwinkles were coming on, blue by the porch steps.
and after that the Japanese cherries.
and the dogwood in early May, for Miss Ada's alfresco party;
at home, he would n't even wash his hands for supper, and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old corduroys.
each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward, and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier.
for the first time, he let himself be sad about the move.
he brought it in and put it down beside her.
he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long, firm strokes.
he doubted whether she heard him, over the running water.
he gave Mr& Jack a real going-over;
he had a thousand things to see to.
he had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat, and his brief case lay on the bench.
he knew the house like a blind man, through his fingers, and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and polishes he had spent on keeping it up.
he noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger.
he sat for a while with his hands on his knees, watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things- a comb, a bottle of aspirin- to take upstairs and pack.
he was standing in front of the mirror, tightening his tie.
he wore his clothes with style.
in a week the hyacinths would spike out.
in the living room, Miss Ada was standing by the window with a sheaf of lists in her hand.
it was Mr& Jack, bellowing out in the hall.
it was something to do with her back, the thinness of it, and the quick, jerky way she bent.
mr& Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes.
now the yard looked wet and bald, the trees bare under their buds, but in a while Miss Ada's flowers would bloom like a marching parade.
she had dug a hole for each bulb, each tree wore a tag with her writing on it;
she had had a dignity about her, even barefoot and almost too tan.
she had talked to him right there, with the hot sun in his face, which made him sweat and feel ashamed.
she made him sad some days, and he was never sure why;
she was looking out at the garden.
she was too young, that was all;
sighing, he hurried to the living room.
since then, the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill.
somehow Winston did n't think she 'd take to window boxes.
still, he could n't help thinking, we 're all getting old, getting small;
still, he had liked the way she had looked, in a fresh, neat cotton dress- citron yellow, if he remembered.
ten years ago, he had come to the house to be interviewed.
that house was ten years off his life.
the snail is pulling in her horns.
the tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive, and he had walked up from the bus almost singing.
the velvet smoking jackets, pearl-gray, wine, and blue, which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet.
then he looked at his finger, at the wrinkled, heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up, slit, and open.
then he stood back to look at Mr& Jack, who was pulling on his pigskin gloves.
there were a few blades of lint on the shoulder.
too young and thin and straight.
when he was going to town, nothing was good enough- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a fleck of polish on his shoelace.
where would she go for her gardening now?
## At five o'clock that night it was already dark, and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom.
## Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp, the packing away of my camp uniforms, the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world.
I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind, felt older than my years, and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable, tantalizing excitement of Manhattan.
I forced confidence into myself.
I had no doubt that it was.
I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl, or how one behaved: should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street?
I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer.
I made inquiries, I read a book of etiquette.
I remember standing in a corner, watching Jessica act the hostess, serving soft drinks to her guests.
I set the hour of our meeting for seven.
I went and, mum and nervous, all but made a fool of myself.
I wore a new double-breasted brown worsted suit with a faint herringbone design and wide lapels like a devil's ears.
again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates, I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect, to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom, later, in the privacy of our bunks, we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance.
all this was unknown to me, and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year!
among my school and neighborhood friends, during the next months, I bragged and swaggered and pompously described my impending date.
an old gentlemen next to me held a Boy Scout bugle to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out," V for Victory"!
and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood, and news of her commencing again her piano lessons, her private school, a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough, wounded, from the war in Europe.
as it turned out, Jessica took matters into her own hands.
but that year was different, for just as the city, in the form of my street clothes, had intruded upon my mountain nights, so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall: Jessica and I, about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs, had agreed to correspond.
but the letter went on: she had cried, she had implored, she had been miserable at his refusal, and finally he had relented- and now how happy she was, how expectant!
but though I boasted and gave off a dapper front, I was beneath it all frightened.
cardboard noisemakers, substitutes for the unavailable tin models, were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway, and one's ears were continually serenaded by the horns' rasps and bleats.
during the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight.
for many nights afterward, the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires, would cause me to lie awake in shame, tossing with irresolution, longing to fall into a deep sleep.
hatless, in an overcoat of rough blue wool, I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father, and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn.
having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party, she asked that I come and be her date.
heavy-coated, severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic.
her optimism gave me heart.
in December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor, a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated.
in final separation from them, in the railroad terminal across the river from New York, I would nearly cry.
in my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life.
in or out, should I kiss her goodnight?
it made her look sweet and schoolgirlish, I was excited to be with her, but I did not know how to express it.
it was at that party that, finally overcoming my timidity, inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys, I asked Jessie to spend New Year's Eve with me.
it was late, we were playing kissing games, and Jessica and I were called on to kiss in front of the others.
it would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved.
later, we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night.
like Eliot, in my fantasies, I had a proud bearing and, with a skill that was vaguely continental, I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits, would guide her gently to the night's climax which, in my dreams, was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep, moist kisses burning with love.
lovingly, she accepted, and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was," You 're amazing, you know"?
my camp-made leather wallet, bulky with twisted, raised stitches around the edges, I stuffed with money I had been saving.
my memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink, scented stationery and the unsloped, almost printed configurations of her neat, studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer, so many sentences beginning with" Remember when **h";
my parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful, inadequate, unwanted.
she was terribly pleased.
she was wearing her dark hair in two, thick braids to attain an" American Girl" effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween.
should I accompany her to the door of her home, or should I ask to be invited in?
should I bring along a corsage or send one to her?
the giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted, and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner.
the kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote, exciting premonitions of lust, all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me.
the letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my bunkmate Eliot Sands- he of the porch steps anecdotes- who smoked cigarettes, performed the tango, wore fifty dollar suits, and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do unimaginable things with them.
the night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle- it must have been late in September- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front, nearly dying, my head bandaged and blooded, and Jessica bending over me, the power of her love bringing me back to life.
the night was cold but the crowd kept one warm.
the weeks went by, and the longer our separation grew, the more unbounded and almost unbearable my fantasies became.
then Miss Ada had stood up, rustling and rustling, and gone upstairs.
then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques, full of dash and wit and glamor, quoting from the books I read, imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special, after-school class I was enrolled.
these letters became the center of my existence.
they caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless, as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again.
times Square, when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ), was nearly impassable, the sidewalks swarming with celebrants, with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey.
was it love?
was it preferable to meet her at home or in the city?
we blushed and were flustered, and it turned out to be the fleetest brush of lips upon cheek.
we would attend a film and, later on, I stated, we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti 's for waffles.
we would write to one another and make a definite plan.
when in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve, I knew for a moment an immense relief;
yet a moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and fantasist seemed to stride off my flashy pages, out of my mind, and plant himself in reality.
" I 'm sorry", she said.
" I do n't know what I 'd do without my family.
" I like to dance", she said, then turned and walked away.
" do you have a boy friend"?
" do you like to dance?
" if I thought you were serious about going back to school, that you 'd learned something from your experiences here and at Hanover- well, I might consider such an offer.
" my aunt raised me.
" my father and mother died when I was two years old", I said.
" my father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years.
" tell me more about them".
" that 's none of your business", she said, then changed the subject.
" there are things about me that I can n't tell you now, Mary Jane", I said," but if you 'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover, I 'd like to tell you the whole story.
" we 'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner", I said.
" what about you?
" what about your father and mother, do n't you think of them when you 're in a place like this"?
" yes, I 'll get one overnight a month".
#FOUR# I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called < Ask Tony >.
< ask Tony > was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on it in his < Sun-Times > column.
I 'll bet he would n't be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date- I mean, after I 'm out of the hospital, a month or so from now".
I 'll tell you why I did n't go to college;
I 'm going to become a good nurse, and I 've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I 'm an old maid to give it to them".
I 'm the oldest of six children.
I asked.
I can say this: I 'm dead serious about going back to school.
I do n't think he 'd mind too much if he were sure you 'd decided not to be a rumdum in the future".
I have no one but myself to worry about".
I knew that.
I think it 's a good deal.
I wondered suddenly as I listened to the disconnected jabberings coming from the patient behind me, if I had not perhaps imagined it all.
a figment of Carl Anderson's imagination.
as for that other girl, let 's just say that I never want to see her again.
as the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes, thinking over the events of the past two weeks, trying to put the pieces in order.
aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service.
but I had the proof, all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so.
but because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era, many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago, continue as a road company, and eventually become a movie.
he 's a pretty good judge of character, Anderson.
her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother, aunts and uncles, cousins.
how would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover"?
it seemed the most important thing in my life at this moment that she should know the real truth about me.
it suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the truth about me- that I was not the confused, sick, irresponsible person she believed me to be.
it was a bad play, real grade-A turkey, which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal.
it was a fantastic story.
it was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there.
it was unlikely that any girl as sharp as Mary Jane Brennan would believe it without proof.
listening, I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can.
my father 's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year.
no one, not even the producer, had any real hope of getting it back to Broadway.
now, riding this hospital bus, feeling isolated and utterly alone, I knew that she was genuine and unique, quite unlike any girl I had known before.
nurses' training here does n't cost anything.
only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name, or why.
out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a psychopathic killer.
perhaps this was reality and Dale Nelson, the actor, was delusion;
something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly, and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face.
such optimism was completely unjustified.
the critics literally screamed their indignation.
there had n't been anything really personal in her interest in me.
there was no money for tuition, for clothes, for all the things you apparently take for granted.
they always have a good orchestra".
they even pay me six dollars a month.
we 've always been so close".
we opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
what about your **h that girl you were going to kill"?
when she had finished I said:" your dad sounds like a good father and a good policeman.
you will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover, will n't you"?
" I 'll have one of the boys get it", he said.
" I 'm in a rush right now.
" I have n't made up my mind yet", I said.
" it 's a sublease.
" it 's one of the rules on transients.
" make it as snappy as you can, will you"?
" oh, that 's all right", he said.
" okay", I told him.
" that curb parking is undependable and annoying, particularly when it rains", he said.
" that's right".
" you 're going to be a regular.
" you mean you 're all alone, Mr& Richards"?
" your wife is n't going to join you- later"?
I asked.
I circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a high-class restaurant.
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there was n't traffic.
I could have written anything.
I could n't see him, but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead, short half beeps when the car I was following was to the left, and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right.
I found a parking place half a block away, sat in the car and waited.
I grinned at him, handed him a couple of dollars and said," By the time you get the parking charge figured up, there should be a cigar in it for you".
I have a couple of them I 'm figuring on;
I hurried over to the agency heap, jumped in, started the motor and was just in time to see the car I wanted to shadow turn to the left.
I kept trying to get him to take my money.
I know where the car is.
I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house.
I made time and picked him up within ten blocks.
I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L& Palmer and wife, giving a San Francisco address.
I remembered it was the Peeping Tom place.
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee.
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry.
I stayed half a block behind him, letting lots of cars keep in between us, listening to the steady beep **h beep **h beep.
I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right.
I turned on the electric bug, and the signal came in loud and clear.
I used the alias of Robert C& Richards, gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap, but a couple of phony numbers in between.
I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register.
I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn.
I was n't far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car.
after a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me.
after fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left.
by the time I 'd made it he was gone.
by this time it was dark.
he had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures, an old dodge which is still good.
his signal was coming loud and clear and then all of a sudden it turned to a buzz.
if he does, it 's still better than an even chance he will n't notice the transposition of the numbers, and if he should notice it, the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake.
if it ever got behind me, the beep turned to a buzz.
it was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front.
moreover, I 'd have lost him if it had n't been for the electronic shadowing device **h.
my lights would have been a giveaway if I 'd tried to shadow him in the conventional manner.
my man came out an hour later, drove to the beach, turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel.
my quarry was in the apartment house for two hours.
ninety-nine times out of a hundred the motel manager does n't check the license number on the plates against the license number the tenant writes out.
one here and one that 's out quite a ways where there 's usually curb parking".
regulars drive out their own cars".
she was complying with the law in regard to registrations but she certainly was n't checking license numbers or bothering the tenants.
that meant he 'd parked someplace.
the attendant recognized me once more and said," What did you do about that office"?
the card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter.
the manager of the motel was a woman who apparently did n't care.
then he came out and started driving toward the beach.
traffic was pretty heavy.
want me to drive it out"?
you 'll get in the office building here.
you do n't want to lease a place way out in the sticks.
you get business where the business is, not where it is n't".
" - had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents- I could a let her go go"- His eyes were lowered, so he could n't have seen the narrow, pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury;
" Canada does n't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem, but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists".
" I ai n't kidding you, Vince.
" a night policeman just like in the States.
" how da I know"?
" it says water works, but there is a policeman on duty, too".
" remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her?
" stupid fools- ai n't got enough brains between the two of you"- Grosse muttered, his head down, one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket.
" why does everything have to happen to me"?
Dave had the latch under his thumb now and he removed his arm from his wife in order to pull the door open.
Grosse quietly got a broom and started to sweep up the sugar.
I 'm sending you a couple of customers- yeah- just get them out of my hair and keep them out- I do n't give a damn what you tell them- only do n't believe a word they say- they' re out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them- I do n't care how- and one more thing- Cate's Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday- some shrine or other- I think it was called Saint Simon 's- yeah, yesterday.
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet.
Roberta glanced up at her husband.
Vince cursed steadily.
Vince swore.
Vince watched him.
Vince.
a line of worry formed, a twitch pulled his mouth over to one side.
as she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her, felt him pull her to the safety of his person, she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren.
at the door, Dave paused to feel for the latch.
but he was aware of it just the same.
do n't you and Barney ever use your brains"?
good.
got it"?
he got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter.
he knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be.
he returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser.
he said," Grosse?
he said," Right around the corner".
he turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant.
he was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him.
his mouth worked over the profanity, the obscenities in his vocabulary.
how could she?
in a flash she was away to the back, paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats.
it was dark inside the room but enough light spilled from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top.
it was getting light.
keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter, she began to feel her way to the door.
kinda like a zombie?
not really startled, but careful to appear so, Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe.
once he said," Why' n hell did n't you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off?
she decided to risk it.
she measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun, measured the distance from the men to the back room.
she must a been walking in her sleep- you seen her yourself in here".
she sidled along the booths one step at a time.
she tore open the back door.
she was just waking up when we found her at the garage".
slowly she turned to face the men again.
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence.
the distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles.
the fat man did n't answer.
the fat man removed his apron, put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket, and zipped it over his paunch.
the gun followed her.
the heavy glass did n't break, but the top flew off;
the thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number.
the thin man waved the gun again.
the two men watched as Dave closed the door behind them, watched them cross the sidewalk to their car.
the white Buick had n't moved away yet.
there was a small sideboard with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs.
there was something phony about all this gun waving- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police.
when he was answered, he said," Albert?
with a curse, Vince seized the thing nearest, a glass sugar container with a spouted metal top, and threw it against the wall opposite.
you ai n't kidding me- the kid do n't know the name of this town"?
you know"?
" Dave.
## Roberta Landis put her hand on her husband's arm as he slid in the driver's seat beside her.
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking.
Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement.
Dave said," I got the message.
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner".
I could send the money right back".
I saw that woman's apron behind the door.
Lauren Landis was in trouble and she was alone.
Lauren said," Please"?
Lauren said," Why can n't I call my home?
Marty recognized the man.
Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him, looked into their staring eyes.
Marty smiled at Squire pleasantly and said," There was a cab waiting for me here.
Roberta said," No.
Roberta was violently trembling.
and was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her?
and what would her mother be doing right now?
as he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath, Marty smelt the reek of bad whiskey.
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in, she would think about something else.
but he was back at work on a car.
did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her?
do you know where it might have gone"?
he did not answer.
he dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe.
he had driven the car that passed them on the road outside Admassy's place.
he inserted the car key in the lock.
he looked straight at Marty.
he said," I 'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those"- Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling.
he said," I only work here".
her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it would n't deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to LaSalle and, finally, turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights.
her heart was thumping painfully;
her mother and father, for instance.
her mother would be fast asleep curled up against that wonderful, big, safe, solid shoulder next to her on the front seat.
her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible.
his eyes were threaded by little filaments of red as if tiny veins had burst and flooded blood into them.
his jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard.
his small, mean eyes regarded Marty steadily, unblinkingly.
how could he be kind one moment and cruel the next?
in her mind she followed the white Buick along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River.
now he looked at her.
or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus?
she dropped her head on her arms on the counter.
she stammered," You heard what he said about police?
something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists.
somewhere birds were sweetly calling, were answered.
squire chewed his gum, his jaw moving in a steady rhythm.
suppose Lauren comes looking for us?
tears?
the big car sprang away from the curb like something alive.
the car door crashed shut.
the engine throbbed into life.
the unknown was so much worse than- what dangers lay ahead for her?
then he would yawn and stretch and shout," All out.
there was a wet spot- she could n't have been gone long".
this is the end of the line".
this was Acey Squire, proprietor of the juke joint.
walk.
we 're going".
what awful thing had she to face in the next few hours?
where were they now?
why do n't we drive around the corner"?
with a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself;
you go.
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them, screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell.
Marty looked helplessly in both directions.
a second car was coming from the west, from the direction of Sanford's Run.
and now he saw them.
and then he heard them.
and then he saw something that he had not seen before, and panic gripped him again.
and then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again.
as the two cars roared by, there was a high-pitched eerie, nerve-shattering sound.
at least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again.
back East the more affluent juvenile delinquents, who could afford hyped-up autos instead of switch blades as lethal weapons, played this same game and called it" Chicken".
for moments he stood in water, shivering and gasping for breath.
he broke into a dogtrot, breathing heavily, streaming with sweat.
he climbed back to the road, and he felt utterly exhausted.
he could not go through the fields.
he could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch.
he did not dare climb back up to the road.
he did not leave the middle of the road.
he forced himself to stay frozen there.
he had to make for the section of road just ahead that was bordered by the rail fence, the section by the farmhouse.
he had to reach Admassy's place.
he had turned his ankle slightly, and it pained him.
he held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible.
he jumped, and sank to his knees in muddy water.
he lost all sense of dignity.
he lurched on down the road despairingly, because there was no place else to go.
he splashed on, mud sucking at his feet with each step, until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm.
he still had three miles to go.
he stood, panting, for a moment.
he stopped stone-still.
he stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there, waiting for them, a perfect target.
he thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by.
he was deep in water, but at least they could not reach him there.
he would be harassed repeatedly and would escape death by inches time after time, all the way to Jarrodsville.
he would go in there, climb through the window, and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest.
if he backed against the fence, one of the cars would brush him as it passed, and he would be cruelly lacerated by the wire.
if he moved, he would be in the path of the other car.
in a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side.
it was a narrow road, barely wide enough for two cars to pass.
it was his only sanctuary.
it was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm.
probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse, too, but he did not bother to look.
that way was barred on both sides of the road by a high barbed-wire fence.
the Admassy place could not be far now.
the Plymouth was coming at him from the east, the pickup truck from the west.
the cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards.
the cars, with their load of howling men, had disappeared in the distance.
the fence, his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him, was made of rails, all right, but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it.
the fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire.
the fences stretched on endlessly.
the station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him, beside a fenced field.
the weird, insane sound of the Rebel yell reverberated again and echoed from the distant hills.
then there was another sound.
there had been two more cars parked at the farm, a Plymouth and a pickup truck.
there was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected.
there was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch.
they bore down on him.
they had timed it better this time.
they thundered at him.
they were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles.
they would be coming for him next, bearing down on him from both directions.
they would reach him at almost exactly the same instant.
when the Plymouth neared, it veered toward him and seemed about to run him down.
when the two cars were equidistant from him, the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed.
you could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake.
" I did n't notice it.
" I have n't the faintest idea.
" I told you, Mike", said Rourke in an aggrieved voice.
" a stake-out, I suppose.
" did you see the car parked across the street"?
" do you think Laura did have the counterfeit bracelet made without her husband's knowledge"?
" how often do they add up to headlines?
" it has a Beach license, Tim.
" it was back there **h".
" the pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in".
" the things you talk me into, Mike **h".
" wait a minute, Mike.
" what are they doing here"?
Harris and Geely.
I 'll beat it.
I 'll slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne.
I 'm not positive, Tim.
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past.
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin".
I may be wrong.
I think her husband strongly suspects so, and that 's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates **h and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so.
I was watching for numbers **h".
Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side, and he said," Yes.
Shayne asked, peering ahead at the partially obscured street sign.
Shayne chuckled.
Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly, letting Rourke crane his head out the window and watch for street numbers.
Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider.
Shayne nodded grimly.
Shayne noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached, and then saw the flare of a match in the front seat as they passed, indicating that it was occupied.
Shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out.
Shayne said happily," I 've got it all worked out, Tim.
Shayne said," I know it was, Tim".
Shayne told the bartender," Bourbon and water", and Rourke told him," It 's those two, all right.
Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel.
a couple named Harris and Geely.
a single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side.
as soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris, come on around to the lounge where I 'll be waiting".
be excited and do n't identify yourself.
he crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant.
he turned to see the briefly-illumed faces of two men in the parked car just as Rourke said," It 's the next house, Mike.
he was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later.
he went around the corner and parked, turning off his lights and motor.
his voice was chilling and cold.
if they are Beach cops on a stake-out, they' ll admit it to a reporter.
in Painter's office this evening **h".
in exactly three minutes, go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters.
instead of pulling into the curb, Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left.
is n't this Felice's street"?
make them show their hands.
maybe with specific orders to see that I do n't make contact with her.
not more than a block or so".
on Felice Perrin.
on the right".
take your time with your drink.
the reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar.
there was a small, neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet, palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions, now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments.
they' ve got no official standing on this side of the Bay.
those names mean anything to you"?
turn to the left, I think, for that number you gave me.
two men in the front seat.
unless I 'm crazy as hell, they' re two of Painter's dicks.
you 're a reporter, and you 're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her.
you drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there.
you should complain".
" any time, Roberts", he said.
" come on", he said.
" or would it be easier if I put my hands in my pockets"?
" you want to be that big a fool- I was hoping for this".
#@ 12# It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do.
I 'll have to do it myself.
Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated, then came along.
Mickey backed off two steps, forcing him to come on again.
Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door.
Mickey found himself leaning against the desk, with stiff hands, panting for breath.
Mickey waited with slack arms.
Mickey was sure now he was dead.
Mickey's guts twisted with the effort, but he kept his eye on the weapon.
Roberts appeared to be dead;
Roberts brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps.
Roberts careened backward, his back arched, fought for balance and, failing, stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs.
Roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly.
Roberts was a wastrel.
actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes, and the sum of his reasoning came to this: there 's no way to take him in now and keep those other two- Wister and the one who hired the two of them- from finding out about Roberts and lamming out.
after a minute he went to Roberts, looked at one of his eyes and felt for a pulse.
before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face, he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly.
by then they could never catch up with the others.
ducking, Mickey tripped and fell to one side, landing heavily on the wood floor.
he advanced slowly, directly, giving no hint of a feint to either side.
he climbed the stairs, went into Roberts' room, found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could.
he could n't feel any.
he fell on his side across the lowest step, rolled over once, then lay still.
he felt it rip at the side of his jacket and a momentary sting under his left ribs.
he got a knee up into Roberts' belly, used both hands and heaved him clear, then scrambled to his feet.
he held the razor well out to one side.
he hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him feebly, then wobbled in mid-air.
he hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at Roberts' forearm with his own, felt the blade slide off his sleeve.
he left a few things.
he left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby.
he looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step.
he set Roberts' suitcase near the front door, went outside and walked back to the garage.
he was invulnerable to attack, but he could be handled, Mickey knew, if he could be brought to make the first move.
he was just short of arm's reach when he stopped.
he was mildly surprised to find it was snowing.
he went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat.
if not yet, then soon, very soon.
it did n't have to be perfect.
it moved in a silver arc toward his throat, then veered downward.
it took him nearly an hour.
one thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
only me.
still clutching the razor, Roberts came up into a crouch, shaking his head.
suddenly it was cold in the lobby.
the kick came, sudden and vicious but short.
the local law here would hold me till they check clear back home, and maybe more than that.
the sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate, sudden-end sound.
the taunt was lost on Roberts.
then Roberts was on him, gasping for breath and for a couple of seconds Mickey lost sight of the blade.
there 's no other way;
there was a fixed grin on Roberts' face, made hideous by the swollen nose and the smeared blood.
they moved in a series of rhythmic fits and starts, a macabre dance- two steps back, two steps forward, two steps back.
they were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step.
they were in the center of the lobby now.
they would have to.
this was going to be it now, any second, and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor, no matter what, even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin, the deadly hand was his exclusive concern.
walking away on impulse, he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry.
when he charged Mickey was ready.
when he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room, wiping carefully everything he might have touched.
with his right fist, and nearly all his weight behind it, he smashed at the bloodstained face.
" I think they moved away shortly after they were married.
" I wish you good luck, but please do n't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election.
" come on, let 's hurry down before they lock up for the day".
" have they inherited some money or something"?
" last year?
" maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride".
" mr& Ferrell **h Hirey Lindsay, chairman of the board of supervisors.
" never mind.
" now how in hell would I remember that"?
" once, when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation, Mrs& Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed.
" said she had a breaking-out on her face- some sort of allergy- and none of her old pictures was good enough.
" so you 're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned.
" sounds like what you 're after", he said when Hank had finished.
" sure", said Hirey.
" that 's an idea.
" was her name Lisa Carmody"?
" what reason did she give"?
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions.
I 'm sure it' ll be in the files.
I can look it up.
I did n't see her till several days later at the wedding, and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it.
I remember her because she did n't want her picture in the paper.
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later.
a clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers, a big, paunchy man with thick, white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office.
but, of course, you could n't see too well through the veil".
do they still live here"?
first bride like that I 've seen in twenty-five years".
from Baton Rouge.
he checked into a motel and drove downtown.
he explained the background of the case, ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs.
he figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff.
he hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving.
he said vaguely," Well, it is a little legal matter, but nothing like that".
he smiled.
he stood up and thanked her.
he stood up.
he was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred.
if there was such a person, I 'm afraid she got away with it.
if you find out anything, come on back here and we 'll get started on it".
in the basement the sheriff took him to a small, dingy office occupied by a tall, thin man informal in rolled-up shirt sleeves.
instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares, the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florist's grass.
it took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted.
it turned out that she also sold real estate, cosmetics, and hospital insurance.
it' ll be a tedious job, but if you want to try it, the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisor's office".
married a man named Vincent Black.
mr& Ferrell is a private detective, Hirey.
mrs& Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years.
on the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast.
pity we do n't know more about him.
seated in front of the desk, Hank said," I 'm looking for some information with very little to go on, Sheriff".
she 'd also remember if the groom died later".
she 'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background.
she 'd have made a great scientist dedicated to tracking down heredity and environment.
she 's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that".
she asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye.
she was a large woman with a frizzled gray poodle cut and a pencil clamped like a bit between her teeth while she hunted and pecked on an old typewriter.
the courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome.
the editor says that marriages may be made in heaven, but weddings are made in Mrs& Calhoun's columns.
the sheriff's swivel chair tilted back.
the wearying trek stretched into the afternoon- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper, where he found her at five o'clock.
tracking down Mrs& Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord.
wants to look up something in the newspaper files, so do n't lock him in here".
we usually run a social note when somebody moves away".
well, I do remember one.
" I take a little time to think it over".
" I tell you, you want to leave it that way, I do n't fool around with it.
" it 's O&K&, Denny, everything 's O&K& Ai n't it, Mr& Skyros"?
" look, my friend", he said," in my life I learn, how is it the proverb says, better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure.
" mr& Skyros too smart a fellow want to get rid of me", he said.
" not too much time, because I 'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away.
" now you do n't want to go talking that way", he said.
" sure, sure, you 're the one take over for Pretty, soon as I get the supply, get started up again, is n't it?
" that 's a long while", said Angie.
" this deal with the ace o' spades.
" well"- said Mr& Skyros.
Angie knew too much entirely already.
Angie knew- Speak of dangerous information!
Angie worth his weight in gold right now, but these users, they sometimes went down fast.
Denny said stupidly," Why, you ai n't turning Angie down, are you, Mr& Skyros?
Gaylor's obsession and Cunningham's chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac, separately or together, as a legend.
I can n't wait no two weeks".
I do n't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow, but I 'll try my best, my friend.
I do n't want no trouble, you do n't want no trouble, nobody wants trouble, Mr& Skyros".
I go over to Castro and get fixed up there.
I mean, we all figured- I guess anybody' d figure- Angie"- Angelo gave him an affectionate smile.
I stay in business so long because I 'm careful.
I tell you, I know how it is with you, my friend, I sympathize, and I 'll make it a special point- a special favor- get in touch, and get some stuff just for you.
ace of spades- a widow, that was what they called a widow, these low-class crooks remembered Mr& Skyros distractedly.
acourse there 's this deal o' Denny' s- and Jackie 's- kinda hangin' fire, ai n't it, maybe you 've been kinda worryin' over that.
all about that Angie knew, too.
all just by chance, and in a way tracing back to poor Frank, all of it, because naturally- brothers, living together- and Angie- Mr& Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelo's regular-featured, almost girlishly good-looking face- or indeed anything about Angelo.
and Angie knew-" Time", said Angie, and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr& Skyros.
and Angie would hear about it.
and I done favors for you, big favor not so long back, did n't I, and I 'm right here to take on where Pretty left off.
and Mr& Skyros did n't like Angie, but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside, and not likely to come out- And Angie such a valuable salesman, Prettyman said- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys- Why did everything have to happen at once?
and all because of Domokous!
and can n't say I blame you", said Angie thoughtfully.
anything to do with an ace o' spades, bad luck".
but all the same he thought now, uneasily, of the way in which Angelo earned his living- and paid for his own stuff- and eyed the soft smile, and the spaniel-like dark eyes, and he felt a little ill.
but aside from everything else, it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held- you could say- the whip hand.
dear heaven, no, thought Mr& Skyros, turning away as another man came in.
except for those minutes in her room, he had lost touch with her as a reality.
he found money much more interesting;
he patted Angelo's thin shoulder paternally.
he straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand;
if Mr& Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause- Of course, there was another factor.
it 's awkward, you see that, is n't it"?
it must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors' office.
it was awkward: very awkward.
mr& Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles;
my man, he will n't be around a little while, he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the Elite.
no trouble.
no, they could kill him just as easy right now.
nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault.
oh, God, the name repeated over and over, anybody to hear- Not being a fool, Mr& Skyros knew why.
really he had Mr& Skyros at bay **h" Big favor I done you.
someone reasonably trustworthy.
the genial smile seemed painted on his face.
the sweat broke out on Mr& Skyros' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking- hoping- planning- perhaps- Good God above, had not Domokous been enough?
then he heard it and smelled it- the steady hissing, the dread, familiar pungency of gas escaping.
there would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over.
they kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide.
two weeks, a month, we talk it over again, and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that, then we make a little deal, is n't it"?
until now, Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing.
when things got a little out of hand, they very rapidly got a lot out of hand- it seemed to be a general rule.
who knew, Angie might not last long **h.
you do n't need worry, Angelo.
you see, you got to remember, we all got schedules, like any business!
" < @Y que sigue despues?
" I 've got to get busy.
" I do n't know Mrs& Stowe **h.
" I do n't want it", Sarah said, firmly.
" I forgot.
" a lot of people are so peculiar that they do n't like cats, it 's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens- and, damn it, you know very well if I have them around long, impossible to give them away!
" happened to be in the hall!
" it' s- cold".
" not that there's much use in locking up the smokehouse and the storehouse now.
" oh.
" they can n't do anything.
> - what then"?
Ben and Lucien have gone after them.
I told Ben so.
I wonder if the Carters would take one **h.
Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee.
Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat.
Maude swooped up the cup and hiked up her top hoop as if about to take off with a racing start.
Maude went on.
Maude's long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up.
Miss Celie 's taken to her bed, with the door locked.
Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept, bringing back her washed clothes.
Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile, she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door, open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall.
Sarah remembered it clearly.
after he 'd got out fresh liver for Bast, he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish.
and I suppose now that you 've finally grown up, if a little late, you 'd go on producing kittens every six months or so.
and he certainly could n't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding- yes, and credible fool he had every right to expect.
and it 's no good looking at me like that", as she wound affectionately around his ankles.
at the door she turned back, her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric.
but of course the paterollers will n't be of any help, not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around, God knows where".
but she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door;
but then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best, cold it was all but undrinkable- especially that cup!
do n't question, Rev had said, do n't invite danger.
drink your coffee"- Coffee.
happened to hear you quarrel about her!
he asked her severely.
he did n't even know that she was there.
he seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters, and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens.
her skin crawled: Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open.
here"- She thrust a bundle of keys strung on a thick red cord into Sarah's hand.
it 's just like that book your Northern friend wrote- except there are n't any ice floes to cross and no bloodhounds".
it 's silly, childish, running after them like that.
it was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her.
it would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor.
no, he had been surprised, unpleasantly surprised, but surprised.
now wait a minute, she told herself, think about it;
oh, well, you can n't really blame Lolotte.
or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa.
she felt cold and hot, sticky and chilly at the same time.
she had lost a bottle of opium- but that was on the trip from New Orleans.
she had quarreled with Lucien, she had resisted his demands for money- and if she died, by the provisions of her marriage contract, Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office, but later, when the war was over, her father's entire estate.
she had swished away, she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her, pour out the coffee, so no one would drink it.
she lost her beau to you".
she opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you.
she was deeply, horribly sure that Lucien had filled it with opium.
so Lolotte- or anybody- could have listened, and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium.
so somebody else could have come in, too- then or later while she was out of the room.
surely she < was > just a trifle fatter around the middle?
that was not reasonable either.
then somebody else?
well- I 'll take it down with me as I go".
what can they do if they find them"?
yes, she had missed it after her talk with Emile, after dinner, just before Emile was shot.
yes, well, it 's a pity to spoil your girlish figure- which all those kittens would do anyway- but I think when you 've raised these we 'll just have the vet fix it so there will n't be any more **h.
" Gilborn's secretary?
" I do n't think anything.
" I know".
" I think so.
" Miss Sarah, I can n't cut up no chicken.
" black is Gilborn's best friend".
" maybe there is n't.
" no.
" not since last night.
" take your cobbler's shop somewhere else.
" then again he might not".
" what a stinking world", Rourke said.
" will you be coming back soon"?
" yeah.
" you think Black 's the one we 're looking for"?
George did n't look up at all.
George had a tack hammer.
George poised with the tack hammer, the homely, everyday atmosphere, all denied an attempt at murder.
George said," First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again, is get me a Yankee"-" With boots on", Lolotte laughed softly.
Glendora gave a gulp.
I 'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman".
I did n't think there was any reason to".
I just do n't want to go off half-cocked before picking up Black, that 's all".
I mean I 've got to- to see to the kitchen.
I think he might be", Conrad said grimly.
I want to talk to Sarah".
Lolotte held a patch of leather, Rev steadied something, a tiny brad, waiting for George 's poised hammer.
Lolotte looked up and stiffened.
Miss Maude say she will n't".
Rev looked up and saw her.
Rev said," Come in, Sarah.
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning.
Rev, George and Lolotte were mending shoes.
a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky, drizzling day.
a rush of panic caught Sarah.
again the homely, everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her- or to murder her.
always provided that Lucien himself had not dosed her coffee with opium, she thought, as coldly and sharply, again, as Maude might have said it.
and what news, Sarah thought as satirically as Maude might have said it.
as she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself;
everything in the office, the spreading circle of lamplight, the patch of leather in Lolotte's hands.
glendora"- Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in Rev's face.
he turned to George and Lolotte.
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien, her husband.
it might be, indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love, but it was marriage.
it must be Lucien.
no matter what had happened or had n't happened, somebody had to see about dinner.
not now.
now why did I do that?
reckon you know the news".
she eyed the chickens with, if she had known it, something of Glendora's dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs.
she might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they' ve been having any trouble".
she paused at the kitchen door, caught her breath, told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen, where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys.
she thought as warm, drizzling rain touched her face.
she was no schoolgirl, refusing to bear tales.
so she could n't choose Rev as a confidant;
speak to him again anyway.
the homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency.
there was no way to know, no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah's appearance, believing her to be drugged and senseless- and just possibly dead.
they were all three bent over a shabby riding boot;
try talking to some of the fellows he works with, friends, anyone.
try to find out how happy he is with his wife, whether he plays around with women.
what for?
you do n't think Gilborn is the-"?
you might try looking into his wife too.
## On Blanche Jacobs, Kitti Gilborn's death had a quite different effect.
< who >?
< who?
< whoever he was and your wife were intimate >.
> for thirty minutes, Stanley Gilborn stood there.
> he could think of no answer.
Blanche could n't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion.
Gilborn put on his coat again.
Gilborn stood there for a long time.
Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with **h < Who?
Kitti would lie in it no more.
Stanley really was quite predictable.
Stanley was n't like that.
Stanley went along in life, she knew, convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman.
a woman who was willing to give him love, faith, and anything else a woman could give a husband.
and now she was feeling sick, both from concern about Stanley and hunger.
as a result, he never looked for it.
at the end of the half-hour, racking his brains, thinking over and over again of Kitti, her friends, her past, he left the bedroom.
before leaving, he took one last, lingering look at the apartment.
but Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother 's continued carping, had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony.
but he had n't understood.
but one day, she expected, he would somehow discover, without her having to tell him, that there was such a woman in the world;
dinner and the movies had been fine.
except for that one morning.
for Blanche, Kitti's death was a source of guilty, but nonetheless soaring, happy hope.
for Blanche, it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose.
from behind, he had put his arms on her shoulders, turned her around, and pressed her to him, so close she could n't breathe.
he had n't.
he had taken her upstairs to say good night.
he knew he would never see it again.
he looked at the bed unblinkingly.
he rose from the chair, took off his coat.
he was n't like so many other men.
he would lie in it no more.
her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter's future.
if anyone had asked her, she would have described herself only as nervous and worried.
in Blanche's defense, it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope.
in the street, walking as quickly as he could, Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure.
it was in the kitchen, as she was watching the kettle, waiting for the water to boil, that he had grabbed for her.
it was nothing that he said or did, but it seemed so < natural > to her that she should be working for him, looking forward to his eventual proposal.
it was to be expected that Stanley would be shy, slow in taking such a momentous step.
later, she apologized for the long scratch across his face, tried to explain she could n't help herself, that the panic arose in her unwanted.
men, she reflected, even men like Stanley, are unpredictable.
quickly, he went into the bedroom.
she could always predict what Stanley was going to do, ever since she first met him.
she had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him.
she had invited him in for coffee.
she had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out.
she thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley.
she thought she was going to die.
she tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they were n't so many after all.
she wanted to be with him, to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed.
she was thirty-one years old then.
she wondered whether Stanley would call.
that was one of the things she liked about Stanley.
the bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain.
the bed was empty now.
the dentist last night, for instance.
the figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter.
the morning he walked in to announce to her, blushing, that he was married.
when he left, she knew she would never see him again.
where there is a victim, there is a killer.
why had n't he called?
without warning, without giving her a chance to prepare for it.
" Felix"?
" I try", Felix said blithely.
" all there ever was"?
" bully for you", Gibby said.
" for the future.
" go on in", he says.
" in the present", Felix proclaimed.
" me", he said merrily.
" me, the happy one".
" no rest of it.
" so intricate, so beautiful.
" that much Latin we remember", Gibby said dryly.
" the past I leave to historians", Felix intoned, demonstrating that he could be pompous as well as happy.
" the world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene.
" they' ll tell you what 's cooking".
" those lovely whorls", he chortled.
" we", Gibby announced," are not philosophers.
" what 's the rest of your name"?
" you always live up to your name, always like this, always making happy"?
" you live in the present"?
Felix is all there is".
Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house.
Gibby said.
I 've never noticed that it improves things any".
I do n't remember ever seeing teeth that were quite so white and at the same time quite so emphatically not dentures.
I love fingerprints".
a man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five.
come right along.
could your future, your immediate future, be made to include taking us upstairs, giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work, and making available to him your finger tips"?
dark gray sports jacket, lighter gray slacks, pink flannel shirt, black silk necktie.
even then, as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this unaccountable, official control, could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand?
eventually he subsided.
for Felix it was a bit of a stretch to make even that measurement.
for a man of his mass he was curiously short.
he adjusted the hat, lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute, and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him.
he came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance.
he had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short.
he is a fingerprint specialist.
he was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed.
he was dressed in a manner < Esquire > might suggest for the outdoor man's country weekend.
he was freshly shaved, and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive gusts of his laughter.
he was n't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure.
he was prancing along the hall, heading for the next flight of stairs.
he, of course, must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him, but, nonetheless, I did find his reaction startling.
his eyes were clear.
his face was ruddy and heavy and unlined, and when he laughed he showed his teeth, which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown.
his hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck.
if Felix was still wearing the hat and carrying the horn because he 'd forgotten about them, he now remembered.
is there any other time in which a man can live"?
it was almost as white as his teeth.
it was ecstasy.
not even a whiff.
our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix.
the happy one could never have looked happier.
the man was just this side of being a freak.
then he turns back to you.
this gentleman is a police officer.
this was a bull of a man.
this was more than joy.
we 'd seen his handiwork out in the back yard, and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special.
we are Assistant District Attorneys.
we waited till he had finished laughing, and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him.
we were not, however, prepared for anything like the apparition that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs.
what I 'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for Felix 's being an odd one.
" I 'll try.
" I got a bone to pick with you, Mr& Paxton.
" I suppose.
" Skolman 's jammed in every table he could find.
" it 's worse inside", Thornburg informed Andy.
" shall I let them know you 're awake"?
" she expecting me to"?
" some better.
" they' re going to louse me up good.
" what about them"?
Andy could n't help but be touched.
Andy gathered that this had been no small accomplishment.
Andy invented a job to keep him busy, sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements.
Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying.
Andy told him," Bake, I wish you 'd talk to Skolman, see if some kind of p& a& system can be rigged up outside.
Andy's co-workers kept their distance, awed by the tragedy.
Bake himself looked better;
Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently.
Bonner explained that, with the nightclub's cooperation, the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield.
Charlie Marble was back and forth on several occasions, first to confer with Andy on the advisability of cancelling the Las Vegas engagement- they decided it was wise- and later to announce that a prominent comedian, also an agency client, had agreed to fill the casino's open date.
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob.
Hub considered.
Hub picked up the telephone.
Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother.
Hub, nosing about, spotted reporters in the lobby, so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotel's service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere.
I would n't want him to miss the message".
Raymond Fox reported that the orchestra had hastily rehearsed" Cradle Song" in case it was needed.
Skolman is n't going to like it much, though, giving away what he should be selling".
Skolman was n't the only one who did n't care for Andy's scheme.
Thornburg arrived with the writers.
a short time later, Lieutenant Bonner stomped into the dressing room.
and once Bake slipped in, pale and drawn, last night's liquor still on his breath with some of today 's added to it.
any kind of job was better than brooding.
as the afternoon sped toward evening, the suite saw a steady procession of Paxton aides pass in and out, each with his own special problem.
at last it was time to depart.
backstage was tomblike by contrast.
but from Rocco Vecchio, they heard nothing.
but in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read," We 're with you all the way".
he asked if there was anything he could do.
he could not manage the former or expect the latter;
he had little time to himself, anyway.
he instructed Shirl Winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board.
how's Lissa, do you know"?
it 's just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper was n't able to get a table.
it 's those damn loudspeakers".
it was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last night's hero-worshippers.
it was signed by everyone in the troupe.
long before he reached the protection of the stage door, Andy was recognized.
motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience, the reservation list was being checked out name by name, and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead.
my men have been here all afternoon, setting up for this thing".
questions about the show tonight".
she 's got plenty of guts, Mr& Paxton.
the omission might look peculiar to outsiders, but Andy could not bring himself to go through the motions simply for the sake of appearances.
the only reason for contacting Lissa was to comfort or to be comforted.
they had come not to admire but to observe.
they had nothing to give to each other.
they had spent the morning revising the act, eliminating all the gay songs, patter and dancing with a view of the best public relations.
they overflowed the parking lot, making progress by automobile difficult.
they succeeded in eluding the curious at the hotel, but there was no chance of avoiding them at the nightclub.
they surged around him, fingers pointing, eyes prying.
under the heading of it 's an ill wind, et cetera".
what remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified, as befitting the tragic circumstances.
word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire.
you want me to call her"?
" Dad.
" I got it, Andy.
" bunch of damn jerks", Hub growled.
" did you hear them?
" it 's okay, Mr& Paxton.
" it 's the truth".
" it does n't matter, Rock.
" just this one favor, Dad.
" ladies and gentlemen, in place of my regular closing number tonight, I 'd like to sing something of a different nature for you.
" lullaby and goodnight **h" His voice shook.
" my God", he muttered.
" my God".
" sure, Andy, it' ll be all right.
" the Bartlett girl was killed by Mr& Dronk's son.
" who needs them"?
" why not"?
Andy felt his heart thud heavily with relief.
Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them.
Dad, wait".
God knows how, but I got it.
Hub was there to support him.
I practically had to sign your life away, you 'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for, but"- Andy nodded dully.
Ray, if you please- the ' Cradle Song '".
Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street, talking to the kid.
Thornburg knew, better than any of them, that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty.
Thornburg patted his arm.
Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held.
all the king's horses and all the king's men **h Vecchio shouldered in.
as the lights came up, Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit.
at this moment, all he could think of was what he 'd been forced to undergo.
but when he was finally through, their scorn was made apparent.
do you know what they think of me"?
for the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest.
having no choice, he plunged into it, anyway, holding onto the microphone for support.
he caught up with the old man in the living room.
he clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room.
he drew a deep breath.
he limps, and the man who hit you and took the cane, < he > limped.
he sensed rather than heard the gasp that swept across the audience.
he stumbled off-stage.
he waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction.
he wondered if the audience would let him finish.
his son watched until he got as far as the hall, almost out of sight, then hurried after.
just do n't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours".
nor could he blame them.
nothing broken that can n't be mended".
old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door.
otherwise, the silence was complete.
someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped.
the money's here, all of it".
the music died away discordantly.
the old man gave the room a stare in leaving;
the place had the air of a morgue.
the two kids were together a lot, they were having some kind of teen-age affair- God knows how far that had gone- and the kid 's crippled.
the usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent;
the words were hollow.
they did;
they' ve found some sort of new evidence, a bundle of clothes or something, and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime.
this particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste, callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency.
though contemptuous, they were still polite.
under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory.
we 've done our part".
why will n't you accept facts?
you 'll never believe the places I 've been today.
" did n't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage?
" mae"-" I 've been thinking", she said, swallowing the toast.
< glad to see you go >.
< good-bye >.
> well, it had n't been what it seemed, he 'd had no idea the girl was in there.
> why, Holden said to himself, surprised at his own sudden insight, I 'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be.
Cooper was beside his car, on the curb at the right, just standing there morosely;
Holden stepped on the gas.
Holden waved a hand at the empty street.
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen.
Mae was his wife.
Mae would n't have plotted a thing like that.
a new idea drifted in from nowhere.
a second scene flashed before his mind, the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him, the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light.
and he knew in that moment, with a cold sinking of despair, a dying of old hopes, that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors.
and then you wiped up some grease".
and when he came to examine the scene, there was a certain staginess to it, it had the smell of planning, and a swift suspicion darted into his mind.
at that moment, Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about.
at the gate he slowed, looking around.
behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur;
but enough.
but he could n't imagine where.
but she was.
even as the conviction of truth roared through him, shattering his last hope of safety, he was reaching to release the hand brake, to head up the road for home, doing her bidding.
hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension.
he came to a stretch of old orange groves, the trees dead, some of them uprooted, and then there was an outlying shopping area, and tract houses.
he could go to the police.
he could tell them his fears of being involved, he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment, even to his own jerkings and snivelings, and Ferguson's silent patience.
he could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department.
he did n't even look up.
he drove into the paved space before the garage and got out, slamming the car door.
he drove, and the road wobbled, familiar scenes crept past on either side.
he felt light-headed and sick.
he had n't touched her.
he had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide.
he leaned on the wheel, clutching it, staring into the sunlight, and tried to bring order into his thoughts.
he looked up and down the street.
he was straight, something angry in his attitude, as if he might be waiting to report something.
he was sure of this.
he went to the front door and opened it and looked in.
if Ferguson's car had been in sight, Holden would have walked directly to it.
it had n't amounted to anything.
it was just that little accidents played into her hands.
it was n't what Mae would want him to do, though.
it would be such a relief.
like this murder.
nothing bald, open;
once he had abandoned himself to the very worst, once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense, there would n't be very much for Mae to do.
she had a cup of something steaming, coffee perhaps, in one hand, a fresh piece of toast in the other.
she stood there, watching Holden come in, and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth.
she was married to him for better or for worse.
she was.
she would n't be wilfully planning his destruction.
suppose the cops somehow got hold of < that?
sure, they' re giving up hope.
there had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions.
there was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare.
there was really no place to go, finally, except home to Mae.
they' d have some suspicions to repeat to the police.
they' ve worried, they' ve lain awake nights, they' ve shook at the slightest footstep, they' ve pictured their own destruction, and now it 's all over and they can give up.
though his inner thoughts cringed at it, he forced himself to think back, recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child.
too monstrous, of course.
what was that old sign, supposed to be painted over a door somewhere, < Abandon hope, all ye who enter here?
you used them that time you painted the porch at our other house.
( detective Pearson, Eighteenth Precinct, thought for a time he might be on to something.
) anything at all strange?
Hathaway, Jerry's publicity director;
Lauren herself?
Livingston Birdwood, producer of < Uprising >.
Mullins came in.
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge.
Willings undoubtedly had.
Willings was, presumably, a better than average shot.
Willings would ambush, certainly;
a combo was staying there.
a refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florist's box- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers.
also, he thought, I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun.
ambushes are laid by those who doubt themselves, as any man may against a tiger.
and had been for a week.
anything at all?
anything else?
as reports dribbled in, William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head.
at the Dumont, a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair.
at the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged, and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches.
because, if for no other reason, Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger, tougher, than anything else that went on two legs.
bill shook his head.
but nothing, it appeared, long enough to attract attention.
but- hunch, now- Willings would not ambush anything which went on two legs instead of four.
cases, say, for musical instruments?
consider him seriously, therefore?
consider opportunity.
faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century.
faith Constable had had to" go on" from the party and had, presumably, gone on.
forget motive?
grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind.
had been seen to leave.
he had left after the scuffle;
he would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey.
intangibles entered, then- hunches which felt like facts.
jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong?
must have cost plenty.
no oil.
no, motive is a part of fact.
nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction.
none noted at the Dumont.
only those actually with Payne when he was shot, or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none.
or long fat suitcase, for that matter?
pass word when there was word to pass.
several at the King Arthur.
she had left the party early, pleading a headache.
shrugs met that, from room clerks, from bellhops.
shrugs met that.
sort out the next move.
sort things out, damn it.
take Gardner Willings.
the Norths;
the State cops would check from time to time;
the house was modern, large, on five acres.
the lab to check.
the lab: sorry.
there had also been a man who must have had St& Vitus or something, because he kept jerking his head.
there was no sign of Mrs& Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road, Ridgefield, Connecticut.
they had been with Payne when he was shot, could not therefore have shot him from above.
to be checked out further.
traces of oil on green tissue?
try to forget motive for the moment.
well, a man had tried, at the King Arthur, to register with an ocelot.
who measures?
" I said I would", Pam said.
" a gift horse to be viewed with suspicion".
" call this a cry for help", Faith Constable said.
" coroner", he said to Madden.
" do n't forget, there was the hope it would pass for a natural death", Pauling reminded him.
" he 's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs& Meeker apparently died from suffocation".
" if there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later.
" many minute hemorrhages in the lungs;
" not your problem, of course, unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same".
" so there it is", he said.
" that 's about it.
" that damn door", said the police chief.
" they will n't talk about who gave the information.
" through a door conveniently unlocked", Madden supplemented.
" well, with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that would n't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation".
" yeah.
I ought to remember.
I was hoping I 'd hear from you today".
Madden's dark face wore a meditative look.
Madden, with his investigation centered on the fraud, said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs& Meeker's checks to Johnston had cleared.
Pam found she had no answers;
Pam realized, to her surprise, that she had been almost dozing.
Pauling looked at his notes.
Pauling paused again.
although there was no doubt in my mind and we 've been handling it as one I 'm glad to have it made official".
and a pane of glass is n't hard to"- The telephone interrupted him.
and it makes a very poor red herring for an inside job.
and possessed himself- how?- of a rifle and killed?
at four o'clock in the afternoon.
at last he said," Well, thank you for calling, Mr& Benson.
brain examined for thrombosis, clot or hemorrhage.
do n't pretend.
even with words coming too fast, they came on the music of the voice.
had only a hope.
had that tall dark boy, carrying trays too heavy for him, found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear?
he had to look for other prospects, other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light.
he hung up.
he paused.
he scooped up the receiver and said," Police chief", into the mouthpiece, and then," Oh yes, Mr& Benson.
however likely it was, Pauling said, he could n't limit himself to it.
much better to break a cellar window".
no other cause of death apparent.
no signs of these, no gross hemorrhage of lungs, heart, brain or stomach".
not unless they have to.
not unless they have"- She was interrupted.
oh, the time of death.
particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils.
probably around midnight, give or take an hour either way".
scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities.
some people have luck and some have no luck and that, whatever people who prefer order say, is the size of it.
that was more like a thought, but not a great deal more.
the duration of the digestive process varies, the pathologist says, but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs& Meeker died several hours after her seven-o 'clock dinner.
the poor kid- the poor, frail kid.
the poor, unlucky- The telephone rang.
the voice had music in it.
they discussed this possibility.
they do n't, Mrs& Constable.
trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects.
two martinis for lunch- that was the trouble.
what"?
with his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened, saying," Uh-huh" and" I see" at intervals.
yes, this is she?
you do remember.
you just-" Hello?
" Leigh, get a grip on yourself.
" Phil, for God's sake, go away.
" dammit, Phil, are you trying to wreck my career?
" it 's all I think about, too.
" old people have their idiosyncrasies".
" sometimes we 'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions, and I 've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet;
" this one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more".
" well, she had a number of them where money was concerned", Garth said.
" why, I 'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment".
Brian Thayer had a downtown address.
Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator.
Garth's glance began to flicker to his watch.
Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building's front steps- Hoag had been permitted no further- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing.
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes.
Hoag said," I did n't send for you, Leigh.
I have some security information about the prime minister".
I told you there 's nothing between Midge and me, nothing.
I want the captain in charge.
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund.
Madden took up this point with Garth, who shrugged it off.
Thayer folded it up and offered a drink.
Thayer shook his head.
a couple of sobs escaped him, followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state.
a newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them.
airy and bright, the apartment was furnished with good modern furniture, rugs, and draperies.
at first glance, not much of a motive for a man of his standing;
because that's what you 're doing- wrecking it, wrecking it, wrecking it"!
but for all his air of affluence, who could tell what his private financial picture was?
but he did n't play golf, did n't seem to belong to any local clubs- his work took him away a lot, of course- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself.
done by a professional decorator, Madden thought, and somehow as impersonal, as unremarkable as its occupant.
even so, Madden's dislike of the suave, correct lawyer deepened.
for all her domineering ways, I can n't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy".
he lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old, a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district.
he occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor, using the second bedroom as his office.
he said that he had already told the police chief that he did n't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs& Meeker.
he took Madden into the room he used as an office.
he would offer no theory to account for her murder.
his expenses ran another four or five thousand.
his rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor, helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed.
his salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
in Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month;
in Medfield, perhaps twenty-five less, not all of it paid by Thayer, who could charge off one room on his expense account.
it 's all in your mind".
it 's not about you or Midge.
it 's still unbelievable that it was murder.
it contained a desk, files, a typewriter on a stand, and two big leather armchairs.
it would be all right with him, he decided, if his investigation of the fraud, with its probable by-product of murder, led to Garth's door.
motive?
mrs& Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death, and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers.
nevertheless, he made a mental note to look into Garth's financial background.
no discrepancies or shortages had ever been found.
no doubt Mrs& Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing.
ten-thousand-dollar bequest.
that and her death.
the inspector declined.
the inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking.
the lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party- Thayer, like himself, Madden reflected, was the extra man so prized by hostesses- and found him easy enough to talk to.
the next moment she 'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair.
the undersecretary 's in there.
the whole thing, his manner conveyed, was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug.
there was an annual audit, Garth informed him.
there was no telling how she 'd react to spending money".
to begin the interview, he asked if Thayer, with more time to think it over, could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston.
where is he"?
" have n't the faintest, Captain".
" where 'd your friend Hoag get his information"?
" would you mind sending him up here?
#3# But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building.
Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck.
Hoag crossed the narrow street, squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk.
Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building.
Hoag turned.
Hoag would carry its sound to his grave.
I 'd like to talk to him".
Mahzeer would direct the prime minister's attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side.
Mahzeer would stand up, the prime minister would follow.
Mahzeer, of course, would be desolate.
Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite.
almost at once a figure bulked up.
and if by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man, he would n't dare try anything now- not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well.
but dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman.
but what?
from this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window, but he saw no faces;
he and the prime minister would be back from the window, seated at Mahzeer's desk;
he asked.
he climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the vestibule.
he had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments, but this one, from a glance at the hall furnishings, was obviously still a functioning town house, and its owners were in residence;
he quickly closed it again.
he ran his eye along the roof copings;
he walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades: one was a club- that was out;
he was n't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter.
he was unwilling to rely on Griffith 's carrying his message, and he had no confidence the police would act on it.
he went on to the next building and found what he expected- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule.
he would have to do something on his own.
how was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance?
if Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street.
if Mahzeer was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes.
if only the latter were true **h.
if the angle of fire were too great the jutting buildings on either side would interfere.
in a minute, or five minutes, the business would be done;
in half an hour the reception would be over.
in the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps.
it was framed in maroon drapes, and no faces were visible.
most of them could be eliminated;
narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf.
not possible, he thought;
on the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests;
on the third floor one of the two windows was lighted;
one more muddleheaded play like that one and they' d be leading him away.
still, this had to be checked out.
that left three, possibly four, one looking much like the next.
that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance.
the door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs.
the legation was generously set back from the building line;
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here;
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain.
the scene looked like a Christmas card.
the single shot would come;
these were the early departures;
they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting.
this would be Mahzeer's office.
troubled, he continued along the corridor, poking his head into the next office for a careful look around.
two others he ruled out because all their windows were lighted.
where across the street?
where was Muller waiting with the rifle?
wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories.
with a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building- if he was here at all, and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport.
would the shot come from a roof?
" I 've been here for some time".
" I called the station at three this morning", Killpath's nasal voice pronounced.
" I did n't think Accacia knew so many big words, Lieutenant".
" I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not **h ah **h limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped".
" I should n't like to have to write you up for insubordination as well as dereliction of duty".
" I was out in the district, sir".
" Sir, Vaughn knows better than to leave the station without a relief.
" Sir.
" but you did n't know a thing about it, did you"?
" do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time"?
" let 's just remember, Sergeant, that we must all carry our own umbrella.
" morning, Lieutenant Rinker".
" negligence, hell"!
" no, sir".
" no, sir".
" now, now, you 're just guessing, Sergeant".
" oh, yes.
" patrolman Accacia is an alert and conscientious law-enforcement officer.
" running in, running out.
" sergeant Vaughn, sir".
" sorry, Orville.
" that 's not taking one's command with a responsible attitude, Matson".
" well"?
" what if I said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen"?
I do n't think his diligence mitigates your negligence, Matson".
I thought you had n't come in yet".
I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot, if I 'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district.
Killpath leaned forward again, rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee.
Killpath leaned forward;
Killpath licked his lips.
Killpath said," You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago, Sergeant.
Killpath sailed the paper across the desk, but Matson did n't pick it up or even glance at it.
a car pulled into the driveway outside the window.
a district station can n't run smoothly, unless"- He interrupted himself, looking around Gun at the doorway.
an argument with Orville Torrence Killpath was as frustrating and as futile as a cap pistol on a firing range.
but I 'm not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around, and"-" Let 's not push our patience beyond the danger line, Sergeant", Killpath nasaled.
but for some fool reason he could n't remember which men he 'd put on the transfer detail.
but stupidity was no consolation when it had rank.
can n't have it.
gun cleared his throat.
gun held his breath a moment, pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat.
gun knew it was Car 12, the wagon, returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail.
gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time.
gun stiffened, his hands balling into fists at his sides.
gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool.
he clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out.
he must have"-" He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper.
he rocked back in the chair, knee locked against stomach, his beady eyes fixed on Matson.
he smiled thinly, savoring his joke.
he stared at the report in Killpath's hand, sure it was written by Accacia- just as sure as if he 'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand.
he stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk.
he sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again, wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then, eying the report as it lay before him on the desk, intoned," Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O& T& Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six"- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses" - failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered.
he took up a white sheet of paper, dark with single-spaced data.
he was silent again, possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom.
his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again, frowning now.
it 's too bad I did n't call you, and it 's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who 'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure.
makes for confusion and congestion".
now that 's not regulation, is it"?
roll was being called.
so I have heard".
that 's not getting all the juice out of the orange, now is it"?
the day-watch platoon commander, Lt& Rinker, was calling out the beat assignments, but Matson could n't make the names mean anything.
then Killpath smiled.
what have you to say to that, Sergeant"?
" Casey"?
" I was hired to take a picture.
" I would n't even want it to get around".
" Tony Calenda".
" all right", Calenda said, his voice still quiet.
" but I meant what I said, Casey.
" just be sure to send your two best boys, Tony".
" look", he said.
" maybe you 'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said".
" one of my boys".
" so"?
" what picture"?
" who says it 's going to be published"?
" who says so"?
" with my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I would n't want that picture published".
" yeah", he said.
" yeah".
" you do that", Casey said.
" you tell him".
" you took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon".
## < Jack: look in the wastebasket.
> there was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room, his imagination out of control.
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his" boys" close at hand.
Casey believed that much.
Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was, but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head.
Casey watched them go, still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check.
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum, but it was a good try, kid, and I appreciate it.
I took it.
J > & ## The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan, and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened.
a taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car, and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment.
and that gun was empty.
as he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect, and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-piece piece in the slot, he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry.
because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours, he did not think to look and see if Jerry Burton's car was still there.
even before his mind had rounded out the idea, he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver.
even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton, the pillow, the sheet of paper on top of it.
even so, he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly.
for another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself;
for he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself.
he considered them with brooding eyes, brows bunched as his brain grappled with the problem and tried to find some solution.
he demanded.
he hung up with a bang, annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create.
he put the basket down distastefully, muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof.
he put the shells on the table, as though he could no longer bear to hold them.
he said:" the crazy fool", half aloud.
he thought of other possibilities, none of them satisfactory, and finally he began to think, to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton.
he thought: < where the hell could he have gone?
he tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense.
his nerves were getting a little ragged and his impatience put an edge in his voice.
how can I find him?
if that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it, I 'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you".
in fact, he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him.
it no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him.
it still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly.
maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer, whoever he was, in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough.
only then, when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty, did he remember his earlier problem.
right now, however, he was still too worried about Jerry Burton, and the gun that had no bullets, and the story Burton had told him, to care too much about Tony Calenda.
that 's all I know about it and that 's all I care".
the discarded papers inside were sodden, there was a glint of liquid at the bottom, and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct.
the important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket.
then he was striding across the room, his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note.
then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious, and as the thought expanded, the implications jarred him.
then, as he turned toward the telephone, it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly.
under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken.
when he heard Calenda say:" what about that picture you took this afternoon"?
" and the deadliest", Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harness.
" any luck"?
" any news"?
" cigarette"?
" hydraulic"?
" it 's quite possible there 's more than codfish down there, man", Poet replied with a short, nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine.
" not a thing".
" they are the best".
" they are the most efficient".
" we 're right on the edge of the Deep", Elaine said.
" which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile", she added as she swung her legs over the transom.
" why do you need an arsenal"?
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone.
Elaine and Poet returned together, popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water.
Elaine nodded.
Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness, but Poet nodded.
Nick asked, apprehensively, staring at the weapon.
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep, two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline.
a couple could n't even find a secluded spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone swooping down upon them.
a moment later, moving awkwardly because of the swimming fins, she picked up the gun, handed the knife to Poet, then rolled off the transom of the boat, back first.
and Graham wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas.
another moment and they were out of sight, leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts.
behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell, a lone fisherman in the chair aft.
but Graham had n't stumbled on it.
but in the plane there was a concrete reason for it.
clasping his hands behind his head, he stared at the blue sky.
eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface, and he rolled over on his back.
for a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles, wondering which set came from Elaine.
he asked.
he asked.
he could n't skindive, he could n't run a boat, except on the open sea.
he sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern.
he stood up, stretched, looked around for the bubbles, but could see none.
he tossed her a towel, then repeated the service for Poet.
his feet still hung over the stern of the transom, but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in.
if Elaine's uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness, he probably would still be alive.
if the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful.
it hung over them like a cloud, its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun.
it was an odd combination **h a strange pair to stumble upon the wreck of the < Trinidad >.
meanwhile, fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers.
next to the ocean, probably the loneliest spot was the desert.
now, at this moment, there should be none **h unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe.
off to the west a beautiful schooner slowly beat its way into the wind, headed on a tack toward San Clemente.
poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion.
poet shook his head, sliding his face mask up on his forehead.
poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun.
pulling off her face mask, she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern, then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water.
she kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion.
she threw back a cushion over one of the seats, unlocked a padlock on the chest beneath it, then presently straightened, holding a long knife and a wicked looking spear gun in her hand.
silently, Elaine picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit, Poet behind her, Nick trailing behind him.
someday, geologists had warned, the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach.
sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure.
strolling down to the galley, he lit the butane under the coffee pot and when the brew was heated, poured himself a cup and went up to the chartroom.
that was a hell of a note, he thought.
the fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep.
the same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat.
the small helicopter with its two steel skids churned offshore and Nick raised up to watch it heading south.
there was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean.
they remained close together, their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side.
turning on the hi-fi, he went back to the cockpit, stretched out on the cushions and listened to the music.
two to three weeks prior to the charter of the < Virginia >, Graham had been snooping around the San Luis Rey Mission.
why, he wondered, had Elaine wanted him along on this trip?
yet Alfredo wanted money **h wanted money to roam through the deserts.
yet tension existed.
" I 'll collar Tim before night".
" I guess it helps", I said, paying no attention to his ribbing.
" Julia asks me to come out at once.
" Julia had- has- an old Indian woman cooking for her- Nellie Harris.
" Julia"?
" about nine this morning Mrs& Buck phones me she 's having trouble with one of her farm hands- money trouble.
" come on, < Inspector >, look alive.
" do n't worry about my being tough, Moore.
" find any prints"?
" let 's see it".
" never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop, Jed.
" okay, what happened"?
" sure".
" who's your witness"?
" widow, nice sort of woman.
" yeah, passed your road block as I drove in", I said, sitting on his polished desk.
" yeah, seems you have a nice package, with all the strings tied.
Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients.
I dropped the sheet, glanced at my watch.
I got there at 9:47 A&M&, found her strangled.
I know the killer, have the only road off the peninsula covered".
I told him," I want to go see the Buck house".
I would have come sooner if I 'd known **h.
Julia Buck, the deceased", Moore said, slipping me his smug, idiot-grin again.
Nellie was in the kitchen, had just come to work, when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room.
Nellie went on with her house work- until I found Julia dead.
Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year, but Tim and his wife settled here.
a runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut **h hell, you 'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set.
also, it 's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come **h You 've had your gassy lecture, let 's get to work.
although Bob dressed like a slob, he kept a neat office.
and before you say it, Nellie ai n't near strong enough to have strangled Julia.
and then rushed out of the house.
another fact: Tim's disappeared- on the run.
anyway, Julia asks me to **h".
being the Harbors sole doctor, Abel was also its Medical Examiner.
but she did n't sound real alarmed **h you know, like there was any immediate danger.
but there 's no way off the Point except through my road block.
came to the Harbor as a bride and **h Do n't worry Jed, this one is in the bag.
chief Moore shook his big head, seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body.
colored fellow named Tim Williams- only hand she has working for her now.
comfortably fixed.
do n't know why the County had to send anybody up here.
guess you want to see the body- have her up the street in Doc Abel's office".
in my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law, big and tough.
it was almost one and I had n't had lunch.
man, when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along, why it 's the same as another badge.
never had no trouble with him before, thought he was a hard worker, hustling around to get a full week's work.
no doubt about Tim being the killer- I have a witness.
powerful hands had killed her.
probably the last of the original Island Indians.
pulling back the sheet, I examined the bruises around Julia Buck 's once slender throat.
ran a fair-sized farm.
still, I wanted to get this over with, had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office.
swears she recognized his voice, that Tim yelled, ' It's my money and I want it '!
the corpse was on a table, covered by a sheet.
then he said," Never noticed it before **h I mean, when she was dressed **h but for a woman her age, Julia had a real fine figure".
then she heard Julia phone me.
there 's no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs& Buck.
told them I can handle this".
we walked up Main Street to this big white house, then around to the back.
when I say move, a guy moves"!
who was the murdered woman **h Mrs& Buck"?
who's **h"?
you 're not only young but **h well, you do n't < even look > like a police officer.
" I 'm betting on that chance.
" cheerful way to spend an evening"!
" for what"!
" maybe.
" of course, it could be because this is his first murder case.
" still, they may not want to rent it".
" suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime"!
" that is exactly what I 'm hoping for.
" that's your headache.
" the police will have gone over every square inch of the place with a fine-tooth comb.
" there 's always a chance they may have overlooked something", returned the chief.
" why not?
" will the hotel rent it so soon after the crime"?
" yes.
Alec smirked.
Alec was growing more and more skeptical.
Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing".
I 'll tell him- < if > I see him".
I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was Moore 's.
I dropped into the doctor's office, picked up my forms.
I drove out of the Harbor, turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped.
I got into the front seat.
I had a bowl of decent chowder, phoned the Doc and he said he 'd leave the death statements with his girl- in a half hour.
I never saw him so anxious before", I said, lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette.
I told Moore I was going to eat, get some forms filled out by Doc Abel.
I tried not to act scared.
I waited a few minutes and she sat up.
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series.
a sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face.
as I was walking back to the Police Station, which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office, I saw Mrs& Tim Williams sneaking into the back of my car.
besides, the number of the suite has n't been published in any newspaper.
but the police have dropped the case.
chief Moore said," If I do n't see you when I return, see you for certain at my road block, Inspector".
did n't answer.
even now, there were several slick cruisers tied to the dock, an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater.
for another moment we did n't talk, then she began to weep.
go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite- 1105".
he 'll get a fair trial.
he said," You bet.
he spoke softly.
hiding out like this will n't get him anything, except more trouble, or a bullet".
if she moved gracefully, she was clumsy at it.
interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk.
it was n't a new boat, about five years old, but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs.
lighting my pipe, I took a walk.
once inside, keep your eyes open"!
reenact everything Beauclerk did.
she mumbled," I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim"!
she puffed on the cigarette slowly, sitting slumped against the back seat;
she was ' hiding ' on the floor of the back seat, the soft curves of her back and hips- rousing lines.
soak up local color.
study the topography of the suite.
take the same train Diana Beauclerk took and get there at the same time.
ten to one, it 's even been redecorated"!
that Jaguar could really barrel along.
the Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer.
the chief's eyes gleamed.
the hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it.
the police have finished with it.
there was a 34 foot Wheeler with CHIEF BOB 'S in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock.
to the hotel people, you 'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite".
try to imagine you 're going to be murdered yourself- between eleven p&m& and one a&m& the night you arrive".
we made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes.
you know where Tim is, do n't you, Mrs& Williams"?
" afraid you 'll lose your job if you do n't keep your mouth shut"?
" is there anything wrong with this room"?
" listen, mister.
" n-no".
" were you on duty here two weeks ago"?
< according to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p&m& and one a&m& > **h.
< blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands >.
Alec gave him a tip and let him go.
Alec glanced into the bathroom.
Alec heard a faint sound.
Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table.
Alec played the part of an innocent tourist.
a few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow, languid as falling feathers.
a monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall, distorted and indefinable.
a thick, crimson carpet muffled every footfall.
alone, Alec examined the doors.
as he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover.
at the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked: < fire Stairs >.
but I would n't spend a night in here for a million bucks"!
deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store.
for the sound was inside the room.
hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light.
he could feel eyes on his back.
he crawled into bed and switched off the light.
he lay still, listening to the silence, watching the light.
he let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily, feigning sleep.
he never knew just what woke him.
he was in a hurry to get out of the room.
he wished it had not been necessary to announce the number of his suite quite so publicly.
his heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest.
if you want my advice, pack up and take the next train back to New York".
in less than five minutes Alec was asleep.
in the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window.
it had never been stained with blood.
it seemed clean now, but Alec decided against a bath.
it stretched to an impossible height, climbing the wall to the ceiling.
it was a neat setup for murder.
it was just quarter of nine.
it winked as steadily as a metronome- on, off- on, off.
not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room, but white.
show this gentleman to 1105"!
somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes- midnight.
table covers and towels were clean, ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches.
that meant that something between the light and its reflection on the wall was moving closer to the source of the light- in this case, the window.
the bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105.
the blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
the boy dropped his eyes.
the boy hesitated.
the boy raised his eyes.
the corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet.
the mirror over the bureau was a blank eye, round and innocent.
the room looked normal and even commonplace.
the room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window.
the sound was coming nearer.
the stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator.
then," I 'm not talking.
there was no hint of a violent struggle now.
there was no sound and apparently no movement in the room except the noiseless pulsation of the red light on the wall.
there were three- one leading to a bathroom, one to the hall, and one to the room next door which was immovable- locked or bolted on the other side.
they used pink, tan, or cream powder.
when the neon sign faded out, the shadow disappeared.
when the neon sign flashed on, the shadow was still there.
women did n't use white face powder nowadays, he recalled.
yet suddenly he was wide-awake.
( I myself have identified about sixty sites, from the old maps and registers.
) even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars, and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man.
) well, anyhow, Dogtown Common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only Sunday picnickers still stray up there, from time to time.
Handley lived further on, at Pigeon Cove.
Handley married Freya and Red, of the red beard, married Anta.
I 'd often find one or other of them up around Dogtown sketching.
I knew Red and Handley well.
I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the rigging she carries, where the live wind blows, and not from the hull.
a fascinating pursuit, I assure you.
after that he was never known to run or even walk fast.
and is n't it true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows?
and it was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well.
and my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter.
and not one single dwelling left there, though once, in the early eighteenth century, there were close to a hundred houses.
and the truth is what you 've come for, is it not?
as I said, they were both painters.
as I was saying, I 've known all about the old records, including the old Norberg deed.
both Red McIver and Handley Walker lived nearby, almost as near as I do.
but now it 's the most lost and tortured place in the world.
but you 've got to know both.
dead, dead as a brass door nail, and I sometimes feel like the Sexton, for I 'm about the last to be even interested.
even people.
in fact, all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann, they are not just like others.
it 's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
it accounts for so many things.
it is now a sweep of boulders and ledges, with oak, walnut and sumac creeping across the common, and everywhere the ruins and the long, long shadows.
just think of old Granther Stannard who pulled the teeth of Dark Younger ( her real name was Dorcas ), and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass.
no, I do n't hold with those who live entirely among dead things.
now, Dogtown is one of those places that creeps into the marrow as worms get into old wood, under the veneer.
oh, yes, I 'm quite sure it 's important, because of the Beech Pasture.
places, too, have their haunting qualities.
please get that in your reports.
pretty girls among them, with blonde hair and pert faces.
red lived at Lanesville, and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half hour's brisk walk;
scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier, but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended, ominous life in them.
sea-road, railroad, lack of water, killed Dogtown.
so what I am trying to tell you is the ' why' - that is < my > point- and that concerns the spirit of the matter.
some ten years ago that page was torn out, I do n't know by whom.
that's your setting, and a sinister one.
the ' when ' you know;
the quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw, but I must tell you about it.
there 's a different hall-mark on them.
there are a lot of Scandinavians in this neck of the woods, and many still make painted furniture and take steam-baths.
there is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation, if I may say so.
there it sits, a small highland, with towns like Gloucester near by;
there were no witch burnings here because everyone had a witch in the family.
they are set forth in your own newspapers.
they are?
they married cousins, Anta and Freya Norberg.
they were both painters, ( They were?
they' d come, separately, to Gloucester some twenty years ago- there 's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann- and each married here.
those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraine's stony character.
today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of.
we 'll walk up there later.
what 's below the water-line interests me also.
what should one say?
what's that?
when you hold the spirit of a thing, then somehow you know the truth- you know a fake antique from the real thing.
why, that's what gave me the feeling, gave me as-it-were the spirit, the demoniac, evil spirit of this whole affair.
yes, gentlemen, I am getting to the point, to my point.
yesterday morning.
you know the facts;
you see, besides being custodian of antiquities, I am also registrar.
you want from me the story, but a story is about ' why ' and then, perhaps, about ' how '.
" I think you are n't taking me seriously, Phil.
" fine.
" guess I can n't think of anyone, Pete.
" it 's my line of work", he said **h Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break, the stranger stood up and nodded farewell.
## NOW he wondered if it was worth it, having a screwball for company.
< the guy is off his rocker, > Haney thought to himself, and looked away from those eyes.
<" customer"?
> Pete smiled modestly.
Haney had n't given it much thought at the time.
Haney managed a weak laugh.
Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently, and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure.
Haney's eyebrows flew up.
I 'll do anything for somebody I like.
I believe in returning favors.
I meant it.
I might have got hit by that truck if it was n't for you.
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first.
Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there, but for the other glass on the table.
Phil rubbed his forehead wearily.
Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite grudges.
Phil was like that.
a faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows.
actually, he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them.
and everybody has some kind of grudge.
and when the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars, he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them.
as a matter of fact, he would n't have cared at all if the guy had been hit.
brakes howled and a horn blared furiously, but the man would have been hit if Phil had n't called out to him a second before.
but he decided he would n't mind company in return for free drinks, even though he made good money at his job.
but his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count, and the man's eyes were still clear.
but, of course, he remembered now.
by then, the stranger was thanking Haney profusely and had one arm around his shoulders as if he were an old friend.
eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning behind them.
give me your address.
go ahead and try me"!
he keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I 'm taking a bath.
he really did n't expect anything to come of it, and there < were > a few people **h" All right", he conceded finally," if you must know, I do n't get along with the landlord.
he really did n't take the offer seriously, but he began to feel uneasy.
he says the neighbors complain, but I do n't believe it.
he was beginning to feel woolly.
his shout had been involuntary, something anybody might have done without thinking, on the spur of the moment.
in that way there 's no trouble for the customer".
it must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word.
it was blurred, after two hours of steady drinking, but the occasion of it came back to him.
it will n't cost you a cent, Phil.
it will take a little time.
maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit.
maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable.
no, the man was not drunk **h He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger.
now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off.
so the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his safe-driving record.
some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack, putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep.
thanks anyhow".
the hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy, and he groaned.
the man closed his eyes and nodded.
the next day, Sunday, the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before.
the stranger, his head seemingly sunk in thought, started to cross the street against the light just as a huge moving van roared through the intersection.
then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face, without saying a word.
very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at them, turned on his heel and went back to his truck.
when he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer- he did n't even seem to wink as he continued to stare.
when he looked up again, he seeemd almost contented.
when the light went their way, they went on across the street.
why do n't they tell me themselves if it bothers them"?
why had n't he noticed it before?
you see, I always make it look like an accident.
" but if you say you managed it **h" The stranger was hooked.
" but it 's just that- well, you know.
" but we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two.
" c'm on", he whispered;
" floor level 's about three feet down, so do n't fall".
" git over by the window while there's light, an' I 'll put th' candle out.
" he 'll bring a bottle too, and I 'll get another one or maybe two while I 'm out.
" listen, I got a buddy I travel with, real nice guy named Larry.
" nice place", I told him.
" no offense intended", he said gently.
" of course it looked like an accident.
" perfect set-up", I told him.
" yes, yes", he muttered impatiently.
" you first", I said.
Charlie was waiting, leaning against a building front.
Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again.
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
I 'll pull the boards back and then get us a light.
I always work it that way- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi.
I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark, put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again.
I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable.
I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away.
I know where he is, right near here.
I looked back over my shoulder while I went to join him;
I think I can manage one more favor for you".
I took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him.
I took the pint bottle from my pocket and handed it over as I sat down beside him on the spread blanket.
I was reminded, amusedly, by a poem of Kenneth Patchen 's called < The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves >, which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background.
I went through and down, into pitch darkness.
a moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle, and I could see.
a retired professional killer **h If he was just a nut, no harm was done.
about halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped, pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end, and went through.
after all, I did n't know you, Pete.
and a blaring final chord from the jazz group.
but if he was the real thing, he could do something about Lolly.
but we could wait all right;
could he join the party and sleep here tonight too?
he 'd hung another half of a blanket over the boarded window so no light would show through.
he drank and handed it back.
he felt very cunning, very proud of himself as he played on the other man's soft spot.
he hesitated a second, looking at the bottle, before he said" Sure-sure", and I reassured him.
he put the bottle down.
he said," Jist stay still.
he shrugged casually.
he waited eagerly.
his eyes burned feverishly.
his" sure-sure" was enthusiastic this time.
it < could > have been an accident".
it was a big room, empty except for a few things of Pop 's at the far end- a wooden crate on which stood the candle, a spread out blanket, and an unrolled bindle.
jist stay where you are".
let me prove it, Phil.
on the way I 'll give you the scoop".
on the way I gave him the scoop.
suppose- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was!
the cops did n't suspect a thing, and I thought it was a coincidence.
the poem consisted of only two words, the word" Wait", repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections, and then the word" Now"!
then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain.
there was no hurry.
there was still a little, not much, left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it, and Charlie opened his.
this was the same, except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves.
we 'll both be blowing town tomorrow so we will n't be moving in on you".
when yuh come back I 'll put it out agin till you 're both inside".
you can work on this one while I 'm gone, kill it if you want".
you should have told me about her before".
" I was hoping you 'd say that, Willy.
" all right, I 'll come clean.
" in that case, let 's not draw.
" one thing we have n't discussed, expense money.
" solid", I said.
" wait a minute, Charlie", I said.
Charlie had brought food and we 'd decided on no drinks.
Charlie would get there early because he had the key.
I 'd brought along the virgin pint from last night, but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking.
I 'd tell him everything I 'd learned about Seaton's habits and habitat, and he 'd tell me the score on Radic.
I 'll go to bat first.
I 've got a little stashed for a rainy day, and I guess this is rainy enough.
I drew diagrams and floor plans;
I talked first, telling him everything I knew about Seaton and his house and domestic arrangements.
I took a deep breath, and the plunge.
I was dead tired and slept soundly, as far as I know dreamlessly.
Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves, the many threes-fulfilled on Mars, corporate and discorporate, the precious few on Earth- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself.
Winsett is a quiet street with no taverns and was completely deserted at that hour.
a couple of hundred.
a fire would n't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner.
almost < too > smoothly, I found myself thinking, and then told myself that was ridiculous.
also our plans for me to commit Charlie's murder and for him to commit mine.
an hour later we were back in my unpadded pad, killing what had been left of the second pint.
and if you 're as flat broke as I am, I think we 'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work".
and, in case, I brought the money with me".
being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger, and we were n't picked up by a cop.
but I would n't have suggested it.
but we were really going to do it.
but your friend Manny can go any time".
from here on in, the less Charlie and I were seen together in public, or visited one another's rooms, the better.
he 'd been there several times, back when, while he and Radic had been friends, or at least not enemies.
he gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on Radic, including diagrams- one of the apartment building Radic lived in and one of the apartment itself.
he grinned and clapped me on the shoulder.
he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down.
he might not be found for days, even weeks, otherwise.
he sighed.
how safe is too safe?
if you draw the short straw I 'll lend you some bread, like fifty bucks, before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco.
in fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
it did n't take us as long as we 'd thought it might;
it had gone like clockwork.
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and Charlie said," Well, I guess that 's it.
less than three hours ago we 'd decided, in Maxine Wells's pad on Cosmo, to commit a trial murder.
now that he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers, merge without let.
or would you rather deal a hand of show-down poker or play a game of gin rummy, or what"?
self's integrity was and is and ever had been.
shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first?
so it would n't be for days or even a week before you could do anything.
the candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it would n't set fire to the crate when it guttered out.
then, after I 'm back, another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy".
thinking like that can get you into a padded pad.
we 'll need < some > at least, if only bus fare to the scene of the crime.
we decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow.
we did that and found a dirty handkerchief, some matches and fourteen cents in change.
we discussed the candle and decided the hypothetical other bum would have left it burning to light his way to the window and because he 'd have no reason to blow it out.
we made the date for two o'clock in the afternoon at Maxine Wells's pad.
we met at Maxine's and decided we were set to stay as long as it took, into or even through the evening, to talk things out.
we planned ahead only one step, a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes.
we shook hands on it.
we took the matches- they were book matches and once they' d been touched might retain fingerprints- and the change.
we went once more over every point, then triple-checked.
well- in that case, I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco.
which, if it matters, was one A&M&.
you 'd have to wait till Seaton 's back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with Doris to have < her > have an alibi for D-night.
" I was lonely always".
" Mike darling"- They kissed, and went on kissing.
" at first I was homesick", he answered.
" but now I am not lonely.
" of the humans we left at the equator, one has discorporated and the others are sad".
" oh, dear!
" oh, my!
" they should not be sad.
" we grok God".
" well **h I 've been ready a long time- goodness, we < all > have, but **h never mind, dear;
" yes.
" yes.
" you are all right, my brother"?
" you knew him"?
#
**h < Oh!
< L' Unita > and < Hoy > published identical denunciations of Short's elevation, < l' Osservatore Romano > and the < Christian Science Monitor > ignored it, < Times of India > snickered at it, and the Manchester < Guardian > simply reported it- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant.
< time > magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily Record should be translated into the medium.
Digby was not pleased with his promotion.
Fosterite bishops, after secret conclave, announced the Church's second Major Miracle: supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel, ranking with-but-after Archangel Foster.
I 'll help".
I grok I shall never be lonely again".
I have helped him.
I now grok < you > are my people- teach plants another way.
Mike **h do you ever get homesick?
Mike had not heard it;
On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship.
a Tibetan swami from Palermo, Sicily, announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered, ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes.
a colossal campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs& Joseph (" Shadow of Greatness" ) Douglas was quoted as saying:" I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without serviettes".
a funeral parlor chain was indicted for price-cutting.
a long time later, by cosmic clock, she said," Mike?
as they merged, grokking together, Mike said softly and triumphantly:" thou art God".
but he was homesick".
but my people- Martians, I mean;
for Mars"?
he had his own face, dark and beautiful.
he had not known it until asked.
he rolled toward her and took her in his arms.
he thought.
her answer was not in words.
his chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room- nothing was stolen;
in the other hemisphere it is growing colder and nymphs, those who stayed alive through the summer, are being brought into nests for quickening and more growing".
is that- I mean, ' Do you know '"-" I know.
it is for growing closer.
kiss me again".
mr& Booker T& W& Jones Food Technician First Class is not sad;
now we grow closer".
on Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces;
part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations.
presently his water brother said breathlessly.
that was almost worse than the first time".
the Old Ones have cherished him".
the Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan;
the President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as" National Grandmothers' Day" and urged America to say it with flowers.
the glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop, Huey Short- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly.
the purpose was less immediate.
their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia.
then, as their grokking made them ever closer and Mike felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back:" oh!
this went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful.
thou > art God"!
time was not yet.
turn just a little.
yes indeed.
yes, I heard it in the news".
" I volunteer", said Hal.
" but I have just thought of one thing.
" but did the expedition find any records of the Forerunner having been on this planet?
" no problem at all", said Macneff.
" no", said Macneff.
" please pardon me again, Sandalphon", said Hal.
" tell me more, Sandalphon".
" the ship is huge", said Macneff," but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one.
" there will be no women aboard the < Gabriel >.
" though that does not mean that there may not be such records there.
" you need a linguist"?
## Six months later, Hal Yarrow stood in the observation dome of the < Gabriel > and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him.
Australia, the Philippine Islands, Japan, and northern China were inhabited by those members of the Haijac Union that spoke American.
Hal felt sorry for Mary;
Hal gasped, and he said," A divorce"?
Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone, Sigmen City would blaze out into space.
Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth: Iceland, Greenland, the Caribbean Islands, and the eastern half of South America.
Hal, the linguist, saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein.
I am married".
I can n't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was, though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere.
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said," You are horrified, of course.
Siberia spoke Icelandic.
Southern China, all of southeast Asia, southern India and Ceylon, these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar.
all around the Mediterranean Sea, Asia Minor, northern India, and Tibet, Hebrew was the native tongue.
and it leaves very soon".
and, if a man is married, he will automatically be given a divorce".
and, somewhere in that enormous light, was his apartment.
and, therefore, being in disgrace, they would not be cremated and their ashes flung to the winds in public ceremony.
but Mary would soon no longer be living there, for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to Tahiti.
but, from our reading of the < Western Talmud >, we Urielites believe that the Forerunner, knowing this situation would arise, made reference to and provision for divorce.
he is now my block < gapt >.
he is the one responsible for my getting such low M& R&'s.
he was the dormitory < gapt > when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him.
her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her, not because she had lost a beloved husband, but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically.
here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War.
his mind turned the globe swiftly for him, and he visualized Africa, which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea.
if Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash, he must have wanted it that way.
if I die, I die because I willed it so.
if I get a low M& R&, I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does.
if you volunteer, you will be told where you 're going after the ship leaves.
in his great and glorious wisdom, he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned".
in southern Europe, between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe, was a thin but long stretch of territory called March.
it 's inevitable in this case, for the couple will be separated for, at the least, forty years.
it was night on this hemisphere, but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia, Japan, China, Southeast Asia, India, Siberia.
its citizens spoke all of the world 's surviving tongues, plus a new one called Lingo, a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper.
naturally, he couched the provision in obscure language.
neither nation would give up their claim on it, yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War.
no, not he, for I, and I alone, am responsible for whatever happens to me.
no, the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared.
perhaps, even, though this is too much to wish, find the Forerunner himself"?
said Hal.
she would weep in private, he was sure, for she loved him in her frigid way, though in public she would be dry-eyed.
so, for all practical purposes, it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ).
so, forgive me, Sigmen, for the contrary-to-reality thoughts!
somehow, all the other passengers ( also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the < Gabriel > ) had simultaneously" agreed" to die.
swiftly, came the revulsion, the protest.
the expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth.
then there was North America, where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve.
then, he said," Unfortunately, only one < lamechian > linguist exists, and he is too old for this expedition.
there was no such thing as an" accident".
therefore **h"" A thousand pardons", said Hal.
this was no man's land, disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic, a potential source of war for the last two hundred years.
unfortunately **h" Hal waited: Macneff paced some more, frowning.
we have considered several of your professionals because they were < lamechians > and above suspicion.
" Hesperus and Lucifer", Jack said," show that we do".
" I did not perceive this essential distinction either, First-Born", Hesperus said at once," I was only practicing a concept that Jack taught me, called a deal".
" all the more reason, then", Jack said," why we must have a treaty.
" and apparently impossible.
" but this simply requires that they behave in accordance with the dictates of their own natures, and respect yours in turn.
" for instance, Hesperus agreed to help me find my property, and I agreed to take him to Earth.
" for now, it is clear that we were in the wrong.
" it 's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other", Jack said.
" nevertheless, you were its agent.
" strange", Gabriel said.
" then it is a matter of pleasure;
" we had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice.
" we misjudged you", he said slowly.
" we regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable, or more valuable, than what he has given".
) being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause, however, did not make it seem any less long to Jack.
Hesperus, you may speak".
Jack felt a wave of complete elation, but in a second it had vanished without a trace.
Jack, what is the nature of this concept"?
Secretary Hart had taught Jack, at least partially, to be content with small beginnings in all diplomatic matters;
almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion, not trust, as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders.
and it might be, considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes, that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war.
and the major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine.
another pause;
at last Gabriel spoke.
besides, agreements" in principle", with the petty details to be thrashed out later, were commonplace in diplomatic history.
between individuals, this process is called bargaining.
but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban, and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question.
but they have survived for long periods < as races >, whereas you are young.
but this one was not nearly as long.
but we must know if this is in accordance with your customs, and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands, to our hurt".
but you should understand, Jack, that Hesperus and Lucifer are not long out of the nursery.
furthermore, even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified.
he had already become used to Hesperus' snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked.
his heart, he discovered, was pounding.
if mankind could be convinced of that **h It was worth trying.
in fact, it had to be tried.
individually they are nearly as mortal as you- the difference does not seem very marked to us, where it exists.
it would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that Earth had ever signed.
nothing less would serve.
of a more alive time.
of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center;
of curiosity;
out of that agreement, though not by any easy road, eventually emerged the present world hegemony of the United Nations;
recovering the property was much less important".
suppose that this one were to work?
suspicion between member states still existed, but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies.
the Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature.
the dice were cast.
the history of disarmament agreements, for instance, had been unreassuringly dismal;
the simple treaty principle that Gabriel was asking him to ratify, in short, was nothing less than total trust.
the trouble with them was that they almost never worked, and in fact an agreement" in principle" historically turned out to be a sure sign that neither party really wanted the quarrel settled.
there was no question in Jack's mind of the good faith on one side, at least.
there was nothing he could do but wait.
this explained a great deal.
though it might be that we would have much to give you, you have nothing to give us".
to this we of course agree".
visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older".
we shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half.
we will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters, in return for their help in running our fusion reactors.
what Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments, and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven < regardless > of the applicable Earth laws.
when it is done between races or nations, it is called making a treaty.
yes, those could be commodities under this concept.
yet there was some precedent for it.
you may reclaim your property, and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted.
" Ekstrohm"?
" Ekstrohm, Nogol, you guys okay"?
" Ekstrohm, you and I will have a look", Ryan said.
" Hesperus, do n't use this < t-tau > vector trick of yours, please.
" I 'm not worried about you mis-reading the dials, Nogol, just about a lug like you reading them at all.
" I get no readings from them at all.
" I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he could n't get an encephalographic reading on him.
" I think they' re dead", Ekstrohm interjected quietly.
" Ryan, look over there", Nogol said.
" animals.
" but I 'm ambidextrous".
" easy", Nogol confirmed.
" how can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely"?
" no helmets", the captain answered.
" nothing wrong with me that could n't be cured", Nogol said.
" okay".
" some can be lonely in a crowd", Nogol said elaborately.
" we can breathe out there, all right.
" well, let 's take a ground-level look at the country around here".
" you hold down the fort, Nogol.
##" WHAT will we need outside, Ryan"?
Ekstrohm asked.
Ekstrohm smiled, and followed the captain through the airlock with only a glance at the lapel gauge on his coverall.
Hesperus was in there.
Ryan asked.
Ryan hefted his bulk up and supported it on one elbow.
Ryan insisted.
Ryan told him what he could do then.
a range of bluffs hugged the horizon, the color of decaying moss.
above them, the sky was the black of space, or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis, seen against neon-lit snow.
according to these needles, they' re stone dead".
actually, the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite, and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories.
always before, it had taken five minutes to- Of course.
but since he had failed to anticipate it, he lost the five minutes anyhow, in plotting an intercept orbit.
but to the infuriation of scientists, for no known reason not all of them did.
from here on out, the < Ariadne > was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of.
he did n't say what would cure him;
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself.
he rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw.
he was n't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever.
he was the captain, so he could ask questions like that.
his small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face.
it just will n't be easy.
it seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself, of the Milky Way, blown up by some master photographer.
it was day, but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow.
me, I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner".
nitrogen and oxygen are about it".
positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark".
remember, when the little hand is straight up that's negative.
ringing the ship.
sonic, electronic, galvanic- all blank.
take it easy".
that cold, empty sky was full of fire and light.
the facsiport rolled open on the landscape.
the strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects.
these planets were much bigger, nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere.
they ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and, with only a glance at the seismological gauge to judge surface resistance, dropped to the ground.
they lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive, and no one knew what they were good for, although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history.
think they' re intelligent, maybe hostile"?
this fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets, almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System.
this old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago.
this would be the fifth mapping expedition to the planetoids of Yancy-6 in three generations.
with a short-lived sigh of relief, Jack plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch.
without an instant's transition, the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board.
" I 'll be damned", Ekstrohm said.
" I do n't know.
" Ryan, there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies.
" all I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night, and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web.
" do with what"?
" listen, Ekstrohm, I want to give you the benefit of every doubt.
" no", Ekstrohm said," No, I did n't know that".
" okay, Stormy, this is n't the place for fun and games.
" the dead beasties.
" what are you talking about, Ryan?
" what could I do with your lousy dead bodies?
" where do you get off, Ryan"?
" why pick me for your patsy?
" you 've been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump we 've made with you.
" you are right now, buddy.
# EKSTROHM was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble.
## OVER the years, he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide.
<" gone"?
> Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt.
Ekstrohm demanded.
Ekstrohm had to hide his secret.
Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ship's library, a book by Bloch, the famous twentieth century expert on sex.
Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations, smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air.
ExPe does n't like anybody mucking up primary evidence".
a man with insomnia had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him.
actually, they said, he did sleep, but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot.
all I know is that they are gone".
all the dead animals laying around the ship".
behind him, his mates stirred without waking.
but he never slept.
but the secret itself was just as hard.
but you are n't exactly the model of a surveyor, you know.
he had to hide it.
he scanned a few lines on the social repercussions of a celebrated nineteenth century sex murderer, but he could n't seem to concentrate on the weighty, pontifical, ponderous style.
his body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispell fatigue poisons.
in a camp, instead of shipboard, hiding the secret was easier.
insomnia would ground him from the Exploration Service, on physiological if not psychological grounds.
it fits the pattern of secrecy and stealth you 've been involved in".
it took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order, and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting, sleeplessly.
it was not a new experience to Ekstrohm.
naturally, he could n't let his shipmates know this.
never at all.
no.
nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
nothing.
now all the bodies are missing, like they got up and walked away".
now comes this!
occasionally he fell into a waking, gritty-eyed stupor;
on impulse, he flipped up the heat control on his coverall and slid back the hatch of the bubble.
others admitted he was absolutely correct- he < never > slept.
since he could n't sleep anyway, he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports.
some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this.
suspicion was n't new to him at all.
the angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him.
the buddies invariably took advantage of him.
the tapes show that.
there was no ring of animal corpses.
this has got to be some kind of local phenomenon.
what did you do with them"?
what do you think I did with them"?
what would I want with them"?
where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain?
why accuse a shipmate of being behind this"?
you 've been riding on a pink ticket for six years, you know that".
" I had that in mind".
" O, I say", the lady twittered.
" all you have to do is ask", he retorted hopefully.
" are you my partner"?
" are you referring, sir", asked Helva politely," to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin"?
" did they remember to program a sense of humor, as well, young lady"?
" hello, anyone at home"?
" here, this will help", suggested Helva, substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture.
" if you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ', the problem is not insoluble, given the metallic content of the pin in question".
" no one has come.
" of course", replied Helva logically, activating her outside scanners.
" of course".
" of course, some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy".
" oh, I forget", and Helva's voice was really contrite.
" singing" as applicable to herself required research.
" we are directed to develop a sense of proportion, sir, which contributes the same effect".
" well", remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife," the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread".
" which you are programed to compute"?
" you people do n't have adjustable vision".
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically.
I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I 've had no directives from Central".
Tanner wisecracked.
acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall.
after experimentation, Helva discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone.
as it was, while Central wrangled among itself, Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots' barracks, out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull.
balanced properly between optimism and practicality, the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves, their ships and personnel, from bizarre situations.
breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice.
but" singing" for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome.
by relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses, she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone.
consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners.
even to herself Helva sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely, sitting on the darkened field.
for their purposes, oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells.
had there been another" brain" ship at the Base at the moment, Helva would have been guided to make the first move.
her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed.
her extendibles were diverted, connected or augmented and the final, delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings.
her first actual flight, for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight, showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession.
her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal.
her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship.
if she could have blushed, she would have.
if the authorities remarked on her curious avocation, they did so among themselves.
if the investigation committee spent months digesting the thoughtful food served them at the Laboratory School, they left Helva with a morsel as well.
in a kind of shock, the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly copied and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw.
it was, to Helva, only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted.
it would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass, baritone, tenor, alto, mezzo, soprano and coloratura as she pleased.
on the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell, Helva was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship, the XH-834.
she asked hopefully, as she recognized the Scout Service uniform.
she compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them, not at all unharmonious, merely unique.
she could take care of herself and her ambulatory half, in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central Worlds and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine.
she found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy.
she had, of course, been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as" Tristan und Isolde"," Candide"," Oklahoma"," Nozze de Figaro", the atomic age singers, Eileen Farrell, Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd, as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians, Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians.
she was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner.
she would work out a method, by-passing her limitations, whereby she could sing. she approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries, human and instrumental.
shell people did not, strictly speaking, breathe.
shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work.
shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis.
the good man chortled appreciatively and decided the trip was worth his time.
the lady's eyes, unmagnified, bugged out.
the monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate.
the neural, audio, visual and sensory connections were made and sealed.
the ship always chose its own partner.
there were nine qualified scouts sitting around collecting base pay the day Helva was commissioned.
there were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to < his > section.
therefore to Helva, the problem that she could n't open her mouth to sing, among other restrictions, did not bother her.
when she awoke, she < was > the ship.
" ' a good morrow to you, my boy '.
" I never saw that", said Mercer," but I"-" But you want to ask me when B 'dikkat is going to come back with the needle".
" is that the name for the needle"?
" no", said the half-man," a sort of eye-machine with real people doing the figures".
" no, no, no. you 've got the lovelies on the brain.
" soon", said the half-man.
" what 's a ' scene '"?
" yes", said Mercer, a little ashamed of his obviousness.
" you mean a game with cards"?
B 'dikkat grudgingly agreed, but he did not come out of the doorway.
I 'm inclined to think that they are about two Earth-weeks each".
I mean we know the order in which things happen, but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there 's not much climate here, so none of us know how long anything takes.
Mercer did not know what an" Earth-week" was, since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction, but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time.
Mercer got the blissful needle.
Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before B 'dikkat came back.
Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder.
Mercer turned away.
a scene is just a part of a play.
apparently her many torsos, stretched out along the ground, had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body.
asked Mercer.
but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him, repeated some thousands of time, repeated with smiles and hope," People never live forever".
but we never know how long a scene is going to take".
did you ever see a play"?
fighting pleasure itself, he begged B 'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there.
finally, Mercer did manage to follow B 'dikkat to the door of the cabin.
good luck, fellow".
he did not count time.
he felt the far, cool flash of unimportant pain, as B 'dikkat dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately.
he forgot the order.
he had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it.
he saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut;
he spoke through the public address box built into the cabin, and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain, so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B 'dikkat might be wanting to tell them.
in between teratologies, she was a pretty and shapely woman;
it might have been several days.
it might have been several months.
lady Da smiled at him often, but there was no love in this place.
once again B 'dikkat moved among them like a father;
once again they clustered like children.
only the memory of previous hurt, bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask B 'dikkat when he, Mercer, was happy, the answer would no longer be available when he needed it.
or was that after the torso and legs, waist to toe-tips, of the little girl which had grown from his side?
she found this immensely comforting, even though Mercer did not make much sense out of it.
she had lost the extra torsos.
she meant him well, but was in no condition for articulate speech.
she smiled at him with benign, remote happiness;
sometimes B 'dikkat took the new ones, resting in the everlasting sleep of their burned-out brains, in a ground-truck to be added to other herds.
take it out of me"!
that 's out of a play.
that 's why I think of plays.
the bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them.
the half-man laughed with something close to real humor.
the half-man lay on the ground, arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity.
the half-man received a dromozootic implant, turned red in the face, shouted senselessly at Mercer," Take it out, you fool!
the half-man woke, recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin.
the next time it was two legs growing from his chest.
the pain seems short and the pleasure seems long.
then there had been another head beside his own.
this time B 'dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer's thigh- a sleeping child's head, covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes.
thus events occurred, and victims changed in appearance, and new ones arrived.
we all know what is going to happen.
we all know what the dummies will do"- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled-" and we all know what the new people will ask.
we all know when it is going to happen.
when B 'dikkat cut the head from Mercer's thigh, he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body.
when Mercer looked on helplessly, the half-man twisted over on his side, his pink dusty back turned to Mercer, and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself.
when he said it, they thought it exceedingly profound, though none of them understood it, since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol:" standard years- eighty-four years, seven months, three days, two hours, eleven and one half minutes.
" I 'm Billy Jones", the boy answered.
" I could use some help", Morgan said finally," but I can n't afford to pay you anything.
" about five miles north of the line".
" are we in Wyoming"?
" get up.
" in the kitchen", he said.
" that's my wife Sharon.
" the town of Buckhorn 's only about six miles from here.
" then we 're lucky we got here.
" there 's only one more ranch three miles north of here.
" this is a mighty empty country", Morgan said.
" we 'll work for our keep", the boy said eagerly.
" we 've been looking for work, but all the ranchers have turned us down".
" we did n't want town work", Jones said.
" what are you doing here"?
" who are you and what happened to you"?
" you mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work"?
Dan Morgan".
I guess you 'd better go on in the morning".
Jones sighed as if relieved.
Morgan demanded.
Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf, went back into the front room, lifted the girl's head, and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth.
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door.
Morgan nodded.
Morgan returned to the kitchen, built a fire, and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove.
any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled.
besides, she had a sweet face that attracted him.
both had blonde hair and blue eyes, and there was even a faint similarity of features.
could you give us a job, Mr& **h"" Morgan.
he 'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought, but he could n't send them on, either.
he asked," Could we have a drink"?
he asked.
he brought his Winchester in from the front of the house, then faced the boy.
he did n't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending.
he dismissed the possibility at once.
he had n't shaved for several weeks, his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic, woebegone expression.
he had seen a few nester wagons go through the country, the families almost starving to death, but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two.
he picked her up, sliding one hand under her shoulders, the other under her knees, and carried her into the house.
he put her down on the couch, and going into the kitchen, saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table.
he stood looking down at her for a moment, wondering what could have reduced her to this condition.
he was n't so sure about the boy.
he was silent a moment, thinking he could use a man this time of year, and if the girl could cook, it would give him more time in the meadows, but he knew nothing about the couple.
her blond hair was frowzy, her dress torn in several places, and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection.
her eyes were glazed as if she did n't hear or even see him.
her face was very thin, and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling, the new skin under it red and angry.
it must have hurt her even to walk, for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding.
it was n't the face of a killer.
leaning his Winchester against the front of the house, he walked to the girl.
no girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him.
she did n't move or say anything.
she drank greedily, and murmured," Thank you", as he lowered her head.
she had reached a point at which she did n't even care how she looked.
she was amazingly light, and so relaxed in his arms that he was n't even sure she was conscious.
the boy licked his dry lips.
the girl dropped off to sleep.
the girl's thin face haunted him.
there was more to this than Jones had told him.
there's water in the house".
they looked a good deal alike, Morgan thought.
they might kill him in his sleep, thinking there was money in the house.
they were running from something.
we ran out of money and we have n't eaten for two days".
why did n't you go there"?
you 'd have starved to death if you 'd missed both places".
" I 'll go, Clay".
" I get up early.
" all my life", he said," I tried.
" come here".
" do you mean"- he asked almost shyly-" you want me to go with you, wherever you 're goin"?
" do you remember Big Charlie"?
" he stuck with me all these years.
" the horses.
" we got fired", Jones said.
" we had to do something".
" yes".
" you can n't make me go".
" you can n't stay here with me.
" you do n't hate me any more"?
Clayton choked, shook his head, murmuring," No".
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back.
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck.
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known.
Gavin paused wearily.
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock.
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely.
Gavin's lips moved so that Clayton had to stoop to catch the words.
Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket, working by touch in the darkness, comforting the animal with easy words.
God in Heaven, I can n't refuse you now.
I 'll saddle the horses and bring them round.
I believed him.
I did n't understand why, Clay.
I just can n't take any chances on getting her pregnant, and if we were sleeping together **h" He stopped, embarrassed, and Morgan said," I understand that, but I do n't savvy why you 'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place".
I saw you driftin away- but I tried.
I treated them fair **h" He wiped his lips with a sleeve, then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder.
I tried.
Jones followed him into the front room, closing the door behind him.
Laurel is gone, my men are gone, Ed is dead- and you come to me, to help me.
against that other man he could rally his anger;
against this bent man in the chair he was powerless.
and you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give.
beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and croaks of pain broke from his throat, the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps, terrible to see.
can n't let you go way from me again **h" He closed his eyes, ashamed of his tears.
he burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air.
he got into a fight with Tom English, your brother's son.
he said:" if it 's all right with you, Mr& Morgan, I 'll sleep out here on the couch.
he was thinking of Rittenhouse and how he had left him there, to rock to death on the porch of the Splendide.
he whispered.
it 's late and you said they' d be here by dawn".
it was a fair fight, the boy provoked it- Big Charlie told me so.
it was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt.
just a half-breed ' pache, never said much, never meant anythin to me, but he stuck with me.
just cleared out.
my men, they all left me.
now there 's nothin left of me.
oh!
that would mock me too much!
the eyes followed him fearfully.
the mare had backed away.
the old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him.
the stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf, shaking his head.
there is n't much time.
they just all cleared out.
they killed Big Charlie, dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago.
they were a pair of lost, whipped kids, Morgan thought as he went to bed.
we have n't slept together since we started.
when he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch.
you 'd better sleep".
you get ready".
" I never felt better in my life", Fiske blustered.
" he 's not your brother, he 's Gavin's son.
" he killed Tom- do you understand that"?
" thank you, My dear", he said.
" you 're Gavin's son", Joe Purvis had said.
" you < are > hurt"!
" you are very brave".
" you brought him back to this valley thinkin he would help you find your boy.
#THIRTY-SIX# IN THE cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground, then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear.
Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do, wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night.
California is too far, he thought.
Fiske joined them, unsteady on his feet.
Gavin's face was bloodless with excitement.
Joe Purvis was thinking back many years.
Julia, seeing the bandage, rushed to him.
Lester's hand fluttered to Cabot's shoulder.
Mike stripped these from him and donned them.
Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave.
a bayonet hung in a belt scabbard.
ahead of him Gavin turned slightly off the trail and pointed for the Gap, no more than a mile away.
and he was fleeing, running- fleeing his death and his life at the same time.
and you stand by like a fool and let him do it **h" He remembered Clayton 's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water.
first he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley.
he and Dean tied and gagged the man, using his belt and shirt for the purpose.
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north.
he did not look back;
he fled through the door and down the steps, running, and the men grunted and followed, pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light.
he had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol.
he knew who was riding after him- the men he had known all his life, the men who had worked for him, sworn their loyalty to him.
he looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers.
he made a fool of you, Lester".
he meant to help Gavin all the time.
he remembered Gavin's smirk, his own cringing feeling, his impotence.
he rode low on the mare's neck.
he swung round to the other men-" We can catch him easy!
he treats her like she was dirt.
he turned to Lester.
he turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek.
he was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat.
he was too old- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead, he was passing from life.
he was, in fact, showing signs of reviving.
he would n't even dance with her at Gavin's party.
he would never reach California.
his wife had said to him:" Nellie is in love with Clayton Roy.
if we let them go, they will n't stay away, they' ll find men to ride with them and they' ll be back.
it was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game.
now they were riding to kill him.
she breathed.
the Gap looming before him- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago- was his exit from all that had meaning to him.
the boy jerked away.
the clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow.
the land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in: his valley.
the mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavin's stallion.
the sentry was not dead.
the wind of their running was cold and wild, the horses were lathered and their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind.
then he thought of a time when Clayton's horse had fallen lame in the Gap.
there 's only one way they can get out now and that 's through the Gap- if we ride hard we can take them".
there are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place.
they dragged him inside the building.
they mounted up and rode slowly behind the others at a safe distance.
they neither gained nor fell back.
when they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them, strung out on the prairie in a flat black line.
with every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his, that he would never see again.
you see, he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone".
" ' paches"!
" McLish", he said as he kicked the horse into motion," I 'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again".
" are you hit"?
" dammit"!
" favor him and save something in case you hit trouble.
" no telling how good this horse is", Mike panted.
" no, but the fat 's in the fire"!
" ride"!
" there 's no chance now of all of us getting away.
" they' re stealin' the stock"!
" up you go"!
" why not you"?
" you 're lighter than me.
Dean came rushing up.
Dean leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty whack on the back.
Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse.
Dean still hesitated, but Mike lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand.
Durkin and Calhoun came running from the post.
I 'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can n't chase you".
Mike crawled to the door and peered in.
Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings.
Mike ran down the line, slashing picket ropes with the bayonet.
Mike said frantically.
Mike said.
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash.
Mike took the bayonet from Dean's hand and slashed the picket line.
Mike yelled.
Mike, off balance, managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded.
a man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to Mike's left, but he, too, suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade.
all were carrying guns they had seized up, but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all.
beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches.
he crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner.
he crouched there.
he darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there.
he demanded.
he lifted a screeching war whoop.
he protested.
he said.
he scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings.
his shout had been taken up and repeated.
it 's our only chance now.
take the pistol.
that touched off a total stampede.
the animals thundered away into the moonlight, heading for the ridges.
the area was deserted.
the bullet went wide.
the explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills.
the guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses.
the guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure.
the rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back.
the sentry 's saddled horse stood picketed nearby, having been kept handy in case of need.
the startled horses began rearing on their tethers.
then he was on his way at a gallop.
these poured through the gate and joined the flight.
they bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar.
they followed the others toward the east gate.
they had pistols in their hands.
this time it connected solidly on the man's temple, felling him.
try to find these Feds.
watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight.
we 'll still have the rifle, and I might be able to round up some more.
you 'll have to try it alone".
you 're the one that 's taking the big chance".
you might need it.
" Dirion found a large war party south of us.
" I think Montero did right", Amy said firmly.
" anything wrong, cap 'n?
" but that was war", I said.
" it was a terrible thing to do.
" let the savages kill each other What do we care"?
" mr& Manuel did that in the war.
" no.
" old Knife 's got the largest war party ever seen on the river", he said calmly.
" so it was n't the earthquake that made him return to his village"!
" that 's why this company's important.
" that was a terrible thing to do", I said to Oso.
" there 's no war on now".
" what would you have done in Montero's moccasins?
" you 're wrong, Matt.
Fort up!
God, what a world you people live in".
I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight.
I saw that letter.
Mike tested the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it.
Oso gave me an unruffled look.
Reverend Jason was understandably bitter.
Reverend Jason, looking worried, hurried toward us.
Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury.
and here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them!
and it 's goin' to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land".
as I dug in behind one of the bales we were using as protection, I grudgingly found myself agreeing with Oso's logic, especially when I imagined what would have happened to Missy if Old Knife's large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company.
before we get through he 'll have the Blackfeet hankerin' for our hair and our goods.
but Oso replied calmly," Trouble ai n't easy to dodge out in this country, rev 'rend".
but it had missed the bone and had passed on through.
first it was the Nations against themselves, then it was them against the whites.
for a second, engages, cooks, voyageurs appeared struck dumb.
for, unlike the Sioux and the Crows, the Aricaras are not great horsemen, nor are they aggressive like the savage Blackfeet.
he brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp.
he carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin".
he did that with all the Nations.
he shook his head.
hell, they were fightin' each other so hard they had no time for anyone else.
here comes Jason.
in the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses, I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river.
in this country there 's a war on every time the grass turns green.
keep this to yourself".
let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people, or would you steer him on someone else"?
more of an agricultural nation, they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the plains.
mr& Manuel whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the Cheyennes were comin' to raid 'em for their horses.
now dammit, I do n't want to go into any more explanations.
once we get over the mountains others will come along.
still, I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods.
surprisingly, he had told the others what he had done.
that 's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King.
that 's why the Trust do n't want us to make it.
that bastard Chambers!- Old Knife 's not the only chief he 'll get to do his dirty work!
the Aricaras treated us like friends.
the War Department wrote Mr& Manuel a letter and said he was a hero.
the bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee, inflicting an ugly gash that was forming a pool of blood on the floor.
the men seem to think so".
then Little Billy began shouting orders to round up the ponies and fill the water buckets and for the cooks to hurry up with the meal.
then he went on to the Cheyennes and told them that the Sioux was goin' to move up.
there 's a large war party on their way"!
they all flew into action.
they' ll probably attack at dawn", Montero said.
those little children **h".
using his hands as a trumpet he shouted," Fort up!
well, talkin' ai n't goin' to help- let 's fort up"!
" I 'm not advising you", she said.
" I 'm telling you.
" I saw your fire", she said, speaking slowly, making an effort to control her anger.
" all right", Wilson said quickly.
" for Christ's sake, do n't waste your powder on one of 'em"!
" gray Eyes is back", Montero said.
" the fire 's too big.
" wait for the charge!
" you could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size.
I could see the blood running down his chest.
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease, their mouths open, shouting their spine-chilling cries.
I could smell woodsmoke, grease, and oil.
I forgot to aim.
I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadian's face burst apart in a bloody spray.
I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone.
I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot, then run back to his position.
Montero shouted furiously.
Montero's shot had caught him high in the chest;
Oso reached up, jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck.
Reverend Jason got one, the Canadians the others.
a second leaped from his horse to the top of the bale, firing four arrows in such rapid succession it did n't seem possible they were in flight.
a small Indian dived at Montero, who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt.
above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales.
again we waited for Montero.
although my shot killed his horse, he rolled off the bale on top of me.
an hour before, with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness, he would have appreciated company.
and I appreciate the advice".
but a few reached our wall.
coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil.
he was dead before he hit the ground.
he was losing patience again.
he was riding between two warriors, who held him erect when he started to slump.
his eyes were dark, fluid, fearful, and he gave a sigh as my knife went in.
in my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger.
in the distance we could hear the drums and the wail of the death song.
it sounded like a man kicking a melon.
it was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors, old and young, wheeling and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tumbled bleeding from their saddles by the relentless slam, slam of the cruelly efficient Hawkinses.
it would n't matter to a fool like you.
it would to me".
let it burn down.
men screamed.
none of them reached our walls again.
now under me I could see him for what he really was, a boy dressed up in streaks of paint **h.
other Indians were running at the ponies, shrilling and waving blankets.
others, badly wounded, gripped hands in manes, knees in bellies, held on as long as possible and then, weak from ghastly wounds, slipped sideways, slowly, almost thoughtfully, to be broken under the slashing hoofs.
our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts.
she had helped him change his mind.
she was carrying a quirt, and she started to raise it, then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist.
some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded, screaming mounts to make one last defiant charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts **h.
that fire 's too big.
the Aricaras made one last desperate charge.
the bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse.
the charge, I tell you"!
the few survivors grudgingly turned away.
the horses were only several lengths away when he fired.
the pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again.
the ponies were almost uncontrollable.
the sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint.
the war captain had been badly wounded and was fighting to hold his seat.
there was a ragged volley.
there was no doubt he was dying.
they grew louder as the Indians charged again.
this time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically, but they held their fire.
this time more of them hurdled the barrier.
" I 'll bet that's as close as you 've been to a man since you were a baby", Wilson said.
" I 've had enough of that.
" I am.
" I can take care of this.
" I guess I 'll find out soon enough.
" I said go home, Joseph.
" I thought I told you to stay home".
" both of you.
" go to sleep", he said.
" he 's a friend.
" he works for my father", the girl said, and then seemed to change her mind.
" not now", Wilson said.
" oh, no", he said, and he was without humor now.
" put the rifle down, Joseph", the girl said.
" she 's not a man, mister", he said.
" who was that"?
" you should n't be riding up here after dark, Judith", he said quietly.
" your personal guard?
I 've had enough of you.
I do n't know what goes on around here, and I do n't care.
I do n't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business, and I do n't care about that, either.
Wilson brushed the dust from his coat.
and determined not to show it.
and he was handsome, despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek.
and one had been too many.
but I 'll know how to handle you next time".
but her prettiness was what he had noticed first, and all the other things had come afterward: cruelty, meanness, self-will.
but the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth, and his eyes were hurt and angry.
he asked.
he had forgotten that she was so pretty.
he had known women like that, one woman in particular.
he had n't shown up too well in their eyes, letting himself be browbeaten by a woman.
he raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilson's chest.
he saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt, and he grabbed her wrist.
he side-stepped her blow and she fell, stumbling against the gelding.
he took it without flinching.
he watched the girl until she had gone into the trees, and waited until he could n't hear the sound of her horse any longer, then went up to where the children were sleeping.
he watched the half-breed as he turned silently.
her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders, held by the string, and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before.
his eyes were black and deep-set, and expressionless.
his name's Joseph Sanchez.
if you 've got any ideas".
is there anything else you want to know"?
it 's no job for you".
it made Wilson wonder.
it must have got there when you fell against me".
mine.
not yours.
she brought up her free hand to hit him, but this time he was quicker.
she finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle.
she seemed irritated.
she wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat.
the girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him.
the half-breed did n't answer this time.
the half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap.
the scar looked pure white in the half-darkness;
they could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while, then the sound faded out.
they expected greater things from him, regardless of how trying the circumstances, and they were disappointed.
they lay a little too stiffly, with their eyes straining to stay closed.
they were n't sleeping, of course, but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending.
you 're pretty hard on him".
you 've got blood on your cheek.
you 've got no business up here".
you took me by surprise.
) hung on a hook on the wall, and underneath it I could see his tie, knotted, ready to be slipped over his head, a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck.
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to.
I could observe the two fans down at the end, but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison.
I decided to see no more of the clerk until the processing of my papers was completed.
I did not despair, however;
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man.
I felt certain it was self-appointed.
I felt strongly attached to the hall, however, and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance.
I had for some time been hoping, in vain, for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself.
I had signed it off on the forms.
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall, but what they were doing, and exactly where, I could not tell.
I lived in a state of suspense because of it.
I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall.
I was shown, instead, a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out, he told me, every morning.
I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing.
I withdrew my hand.
also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder.
although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning.
and I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place, like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office, flicked off and on impatiently.
baldness was attacking his pate.
but it was not easy for him and he often slipped.
by counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time.
each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient.
everything about the clerk was trivial.
far from it!
for although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended.
having nothing else to do except wait for my forms to be processed, I gave myself over to speculations concerning the hall itself.
he could n't afford to have anyone mess around with them, he said.
he made a show of rearranging my forms on the shelf.
he pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed follow words.
he spoke to me in a gruff voice, an affectation which quite belied his personality.
he wore his white shirt open at the neck, revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath.
he would pick up the ringing phone with studied negligence, then bark into it with gruff importance.
his authority extended to the far edge of the counter, no further.
his hat ( the cause of his baldness?
his job simply consisted in registering new men.
in the mornings, I was informed, fluorescent tubes, similar to the one above the counter, illuminated the entire hall.
it sprang from a type of mentality I 'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here.
it was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was.
it was, I felt, possible that they were men who, having received no tickets for that day, had remained in the hall, to sleep perhaps, in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light.
large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted.
later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket.
my future lay solely with the hall, yet what did I know about the hall at this point?
no sooner would I turn my head away from the counter before he would address me, at times quite sharply, in order to bring back my attention.
none of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him.
noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person.
now, here was something of obvious importance to me, yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand.
on a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music.
once, pressing him, I learned that his job was only part-time, in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall.
one afternoon, upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk, I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall.
the morning's tabloids were on the counter, and a stack of dog-eared men's magazines.
the presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air.
the river was only a few blocks away but an unbroken line of piers prevented me from seeing it.
they, and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents, down at the far end of the hall, could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office.
this impressed me, until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence.
this light did not penetrate very far back into the hall, and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying, or squatting, on the floor below.
this sort of petty vigilance annoyed me.
though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town, its character was wholly foreign to me.
what limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me.
when he saw me coming he turned his radio off.
when one of the men in the hall behind us spat on the floor and scraped his boot over the gob of spittle I noticed how the clerk winced.
when suitably lighted, what would it look like?
when the phone rang he answered it.
with distaste I saw him assume a pompous air.
" I 've got to have help".
" I got no place to go".
" I will n't even try to thank you".
" come on.
" good luck".
" he 's having some kind of a fit".
" it 's Curtiss", he said, naming the man Rankin had hit.
" meaning you want me to ride out"?
" one sound and you 're dead".
" what are you doing out of the block"?
" what's wrong with him"?
" you are n't one of us.
Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers.
Barton hesitated.
Barton turned away, his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse.
Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts.
Clyde Miller was crying softly to himself, shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants, the worn brown shirt.
Foster had brought extra clothing also.
I did it for the valley.
a good man, Emmett.
as he passed through it Barton shoved his gun against the man's side.
but ten years in prison had taught him realities.
deliberately, with none of Rankin's viciousness, he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head.
even Barton could not quite believe it.
five miles.
five minutes later they reached the horses.
he did not trust Rankin, his violent temper, his killer instinct.
he had been one of the original Night Riders, one who had escaped the trial.
he had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short.
he said in a studied voice," I did n't do it for you.
in a small grove against the river they halted, turning deep into the protection of the trees.
it had gone without a hitch.
it was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses, to call them Night Riders, to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure.
it was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on Dill's release from the prison.
kid Boyd was unusually silent, Rankin watchful, a few paces apart.
let 's move".
no one hurried.
powers had not followed.
powers knocked his arm aside.
powers was covering the remaining guard.
the ex-prison guard was embarrassed.
the man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell.
the murderer lifted his head.
the only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards, three the striped suits of convicts.
the sergeant froze.
the sergeant in charge climbed to his feet.
the sergeant turned to the door.
there 's nothing for you here".
there was no chance.
there was no moon.
there were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate, but they were in other cell blocks.
they filed out through the guard-room door, into the paved square.
they had chosen this night purposely.
they looked up in surprise as Powers came in.
they moved slowly, toward the main gate, following the wall.
they reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above, and Powers slipped through the door.
they slid through the wicket in the big gate, ghosted across the dark ground.
they stared at him.
they walked the horses, heading along the river, Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead, seven men riding quietly through the night.
they were free.
they were in a fight, outweighed in both numbers and money.
two men were on duty inside, playing pinochle, relaxed.
we 've been starving and I do n't like to starve".
you 're the only man the Night Riders will follow.
" I can n't leave him there.
" I never saw him.
" dangerous"?
" dangerous, yes.
" this is Mitchell Barton.
#CHAPTER TWO# BARTON 'S MEN CUT the telegraph wires in half a dozen places, carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult.
Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit.
Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as hostage, and I would n't entrust a snake to his tender care.
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke.
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike.
Hague, like all who worked near the pits, was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums.
I 've got to get the boy.
Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger.
Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand, studying it thoughtfully.
Kodyke was to head the dread company police.
a million dollars' of gold a month.
a million tons of rock and soil and brush.
after they had finished eating, Melissa took Sprite the kitten under her arm-" so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle"- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother.
apparently he bribed one of the guards.
as she drove, she thought about her plan.
even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke.
fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt.
for everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg, and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence.
he broke out of Folsom last night.
he knew nothing about the man's history.
he lived and breathed for the mining company.
he pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype.
he ran the change rooms.
he supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco.
he threw out the hi-graders.
he was a big man, wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air.
he was proud of his accomplishments, proud of his job, proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him.
if she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother, she did not comment upon it.
it brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences.
it cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them.
it reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame.
it reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield.
it was over an hour before their escape was discovered, but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state.
it was partially cemented by ages and pressure, yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams, the force of a thousand fire hoses, and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices.
it was really quite simple.
let 's ride".
my wife died in childbirth after I was sent away.
no man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless, and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life.
normally Hague wasted no words, but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said.
she had offered to walk, but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called" Auntie".
so simple, in fact, that it might even work- although Pamela, now, in her new frame of mind, was careful not to pretend too much assurance.
ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
ten years older than Mitch Barton, he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation.
the building was dwarfed by the scene outside.
the eyes always held Hague, eyes of a dead man, lidless as a lizard 's, with the fixed intensity of a cobra.
the gravel was the bed of an ancient river, buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth.
the gunman nodded, slipping the picture into his breast pocket, saying nothing.
the man was tall, thin, with a narrow face and a too-large nose.
the monitors ran twenty-four hours each day.
the office was of logs, four rooms, each heated by an iron stove.
their roar, like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles.
then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill, with the village as her ostensible destination.
there a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside.
there came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see Kodyke in the entrance from the outer room.
they blame us for all their troubles.
we do n't want Barton's Night Riders loose again".
we want him back there or we want him dead".
when they reached their neighbor's house, Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead, the impulse prompted by a stray thought- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days- that they might never see one another again.
you know how the ranchers in the valley are.
" I think you stink, Tom Lord!
" I want to tell you something Thomas DeMontez Lord.
" to me you 'll always be the girl o' my dreams, an' the sweetest flower that grows".
" uh-huh.
" you shut up!
< shu-tt up-pp!
> I 've got something to say to you, and by God you 're going to listen.
I 'm well aware that you 've got a pedigree as long as my leg, and that I do n't amount to anything.
I think you 're mean and hateful and stupid, and- louder"?
Lord nodded agreeably.
Pamela groped blindly.
a terrible chill swept through the grove.
beaming idiotically, he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her.
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks;
but she did not know which way to go.
but"-" But it do n't matter a-tall", Lord supplied fondly.
clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid fixture of her jaws.
do you hear me?
does the mountain listen?
every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy.
for a moment, she could not catch her breath and then, her breath returning in short, frightened spasms, she lifted herself to her feet laboriously.
he knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important, as well as pleasin' to the ear, and he did n't want to miss a word of it.
he said he wanted very much to listen.
her arm bled slightly, and the offended skin cried out in pain.
her own body protested, aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed, where cold demon wisps still clung and caressed.
in spite of her attempt to preserve her balance, she fell, bruising her arm on a naked stone.
it circled her thighs, exploring with its icy tentacles.
it crawled across her breasts, suffocating the life in her nipples.
it crept into the open neck of her blouse and slid down her body, seeping into her flesh through all the quivering pores of her skin.
it enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles.
it entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus, and its particles, spreading, creeping, crawling, joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached;
miraculously, she found exactly the right statement.
not a breeze exactly, but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove, catching Pamela in a leering embrace.
said Joyce.
she already knew this unwholesome, chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive.
she began it deliberately, so that none of her words would be lost on him.
she could not scream, for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth, who would hear, who would listen?
she had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles.
she had the feeling that, under the mouldering leaves, there would be the bodies of dead animals, quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain.
she had to escape.
she had to get away from here before this demoniac possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain, depriving her of reason and sight.
she had to move in some direction- any direction that would take her away from this evil place.
she looked around.
she seemed to have come such a long distance- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees.
she started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes.
she stood quite still, trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn, a path to follow, a clue to guide her.
she stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth.
she thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back.
she was bewildered.
she was standing in a thick grove.
she yanked away from him furiously.
silence stood in front of her, waiting, and in back of her, blocking her retreat.
so I can hear you while I 'm checkin' the car.
so would she mind speaking a little louder?
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps;
the earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays.
the shadows of the trees engulfed her, foreclosing every possible exit from the grove.
the thought made Pamela shudder.
the trees were crowded so closely together that their branches overlapped, virtually shutting out the sun completely.
there was a peculiar density about it, a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified, never actually perceived.
tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her.
twigs cracked loudly under her feet;
where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene?
you 're going to listen"!
" I 'll get around to it a little later", he mumbled desperately.
" I know you 've got a grudge against me, and maybe I can n't blame you.
" just as soon as I go to the bank, and"-" Huh-uh.
" look, Lord", he said hoarsely.
" so what 's this all about"?
" we aim t' be see-lective, y' know?
" well, I 'll tell you about that", Lord told him.
" what else would I mean, anyways"?
" why single me out on this permit deal"?
" why, I meant what I said", Lord declared.
< now, > Mis-ter McBride", said Lord, and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field boss's arm.
I 'm no lawyer.
I 'm not the only man in town with a gun, or the only one without a permit".
I just do what I 'm told, and"-" Uh-huh.
Joyce had seen him like this once before- more than once, actually, but on one particularly memorable occasion.
Lord slugged him in the stomach, so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine.
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel.
McBride could n't do either, of course.
McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip.
McBride reddened.
Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time, just waiting to catch him out of line.
a rabbit punch redoubled him.
along with this self-satisfaction, however, Joyce sensed a growing tension.
an' that could mean trouble with a fella that 's workin' for crooks.
and then there was a numbing blow to the heart, and another gut-flattening blow to the stomach **h But he could n't keep up with them.
but you 're all wrong, man!
by failing to do as he was told instantly- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car- he had played into Lord's hands.
do n't like to bother no one unless we have to, which I figger we do, in your case.
figger we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots".
he demanded, when Lord confronted him.
he flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him, inadvertently shoving him into a storefront.
he had a legitimate reason for wearing it.
he himself had heard that there was gangster money in the company, but that had nothing to do with him.
he said.
he seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen.
he seemed very pleased with himself, as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned.
he was an honest man doing a hard job, and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable.
how could he exert authority over them- make them toe the line, as he had to- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown?
in his mood, it was the best way to handle him;
it poured out of him like an electric current, a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his fine-drawn body were coiling for action, and that that action would be all that he anticipated.
it was payday for Highlands, and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields.
it was practically the last move that McBride made of his own volition.
it was strictly the deputy's game, but McBride had gone too far to throw in.
it was the wrong thing to say.
moreover, as long as the weapon was carried openly, the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it.
no more could he defend himself against them.
not immediately, as the deputy demanded.
not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes.
now, he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck.
oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot.
otherwise, she would be baited into a tantrum- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself, and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs& Joyce Lakewood.
she looked at him, lips compressed.
so you get rid of that pistol right now, Mis-ter McBride.
so," How about it"?
that is, to show no curiosity whatsoever.
that was the day that he had practically mopped up the main street of Big Sands with Aaron McBride, field boss for the Highlands Oil + Gas Company.
the car lurched along at a snail's crawl, the left-front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire, occasionally scraping against the road itself.
the deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him.
the trouble was that he had virtually had to protest.
then, as he doubled, gasping, vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten, Lord straightened him with an uppercut.
then, with a shrug of pretended indifference, she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up.
to do so would make his job well-nigh impossible.
you do that or take you out a permit right now".
you think that Highlands swindled you and I helped 'em do it.
" I do n't know, Tom.
" I will n't force Beth to come against her will.
" John Clayton will see to that".
" a year, Luis?
" all right", Brannon said, rising.
" and the boy will be too much under his influence by then.
" and you?
" but after a time away from you **h".
" but to take him and leave his mother behind is not good".
" in a year she 'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me", Brannon said flatly.
" in my place, you 'd follow such advice as you give me"?
" let 's hear it, anyway".
" maybe in a year, Tomas **h".
" she will n't change her mind", Brannon said.
" that I can n't answer, for I can n't imagine something like this happening to me.
" wait a little while.
" we 'll ride out as soon as we 've had chuck".
## Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall.
Brannon looked at Hank Maguire.
Brannon shook his head.
Hank shook his head.
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain.
I 've got to take Danny away from Clayton before I lose him altogether.
I am with you, of course, Tomas".
after all, you want the senora as much as you want the boy.
also because of the storm, the streets of Rockfork were deserted.
and Hank Maguire added," So am I, Tom".
and the boy will need his mother.
but I 'm going to have my son".
during much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east.
finally Hernandez said," I could offer you advice, Tomas, but you would n't heed it".
finally Luis Hernandez said," What must be, must be.
five?
give her time to miss you.
he 'd told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do.
he did n't want to put himself outside the law.
hell, in a year or five or ten, the boy will have forgotten me- his own father"!
how long should I wait"?
if the bluff failed and they ran into trouble, Brannon had told the others, they would withdraw- and he would come after his son another time.
if you take the one, you 'd better take both".
it was dark early, because of the storm.
it was to be nothing more than that.
later, they' d heard the rumble of thunder and then, just outside Rockfork, they ran into rain.
let Senora Brannon live in her father's house for a time.
like Luis, I can n't see something like this happening to me.
maybe I should withdraw my advice- no"?
maybe she will then come to you.
ten?
the Ramirez brothers were also along.
the others put on old coats or ducking jackets, whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles.
the seventh man was Red Hogan, a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising.
there was to be no gunplay.
there were seven of them, enough for a show of strength- to run a bluff.
they had for cover both darkness and a summer storm.
they were all good men.
they were considering it gravely, neither seeming to like what he planned.
they were silent for a little while, each looking glum.
those who had slickers donned them.
what would you do in my place"?
where I go, she goes- and the kids with us.
with Maria and me, there 's never any problem.
with him were Hank Maguire, Luis Hernandez, and Luis's son Pedro.
you 're going to need your woman.
you need her even more than you need him".
" I 'll be ready next time"!
" I 'll be shootin' right back".
" do n't get yourself killed for something that does n't concern you".
" do n't try it", Brannon told him, dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following.
" get it out", Brannon ordered.
" just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin' coward face-to-face"!
" that 's all I ask"!
Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing.
Macklin balked again, not wanting to unlock and open the door.
Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering.
William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again, that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet, and once more he accused and threatened everyone.
a .30-30 bullet smashed directly into the center of William Lewis' chest.
a split second later, the distant crack of a rifle had sounded.
after walking out to his corral that morning, he 'd been amazed to see the dust puff up in front of his feet.
an inquest was held, and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes, the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards.
and their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles Ansley off guard.
but he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted.
but that indictment was never made.
but the day of the deadline came and passed, and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction.
deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda, a forlorn, scarecrowish figure in the murky dark.
for Tom Horn, it turned out, had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates Hole the day of the killing.
for men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second.
for the unseen, ghostlike rifleman aimed a little higher the third time.
for, with a single exception, nothing had happened to them.
he 'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he 'd estimated the shot had come.
he came to the edge of the veranda, peered down at them with his hand on his gun.
he exploded.
he found nothing, but he still refused to give up and move out.
he had cursed at them and threatened them.
he had done his rustling openly and boasted about it.
he had his chance the very next morning, for exactly the same thing happened again.
he had n't even pretended to be farming his spread.
he had received both first and second anonymous notices, and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them.
he never got that chance.
he raged.
he slumped against a log fence rail, then tried to lift himself.
he strode past the now frightened man, entered the house.
he was a man, those neighbors testified later, who did n't have a friend in the world.
he was finally found in the Bates Hole region of Natrona County, two counties away.
he was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door.
his land had never been plowed.
it 's here in my pocket".
it took some time to locate Horn.
it was secured by an oversized padlock.
its windows glowed with lamplight.
once the door was open, they crowded him inside the dark building.
prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment.
resignedly, Macklin turned to the back door.
rumors of the offer Tom Horn had made at the Stockgrowers' Association meeting had leaked out by then, and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got underway, the prosecuting attorney, a Colonel Baird, ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning.
the author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing.
the door of the lockup was of oak planks and banded with strap iron.
the exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis.
the others followed Brannon inside.
their presence fouled the elegance of that room.
then, as Macklin obeyed:" now let 's go out back".
there had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near.
they brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves, that of their own sweat, of campfire smoke, of horses and cattle.
they crowded him in that threatening way once more, forced him to give in.
they followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear.
they returned to the street, mounted their horses, rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street.
they tracked mud on the oaken floor, on the carpet.
they trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor, four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house.
this time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands, and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious far-off shot, then spent most of the day searching out the area.
two more shots followed in quick succession, dropping him limp and huddled on the ground.
" I do n't know, Mr& Brenner", he said haltingly, beginning to get an inkling of Brenner's plans.
" I have a little job for you, Charlie.
" eagle's Nest ought to have a fire company.
" it 's very simple.
" it does n't seem quite right, telling her a thing like that.
" my reputation's my stock in trade", Tom mentioned more than once.
" one thing, Summers", Brenner said.
" what is it you want me to do, Mr& Brenner"?
" yes sir".
" you 're not to mention my name.
" you know, Summers", he said thoughtfully.
## Curt's visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching.
## For three straight years, Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures, and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell ( if he killed Lewis and Powell ) will never be known.
( a detailed search of old coroner's reports fails to substantiate this in the slightest.
( the best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $125, very good money in an era when top hands worked for $30 and found.
) one thing was certain- his method was effective, so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary.
) rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim's head as a sort of trademark.
Brenner continued to smile, but his eyes were cold.
Brenner shrugged carelessly.
Brenner's voice was oily, but Summers was n't fooled.
Curt approached the place cautiously, and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees.
Curt circled the house and located a barn out back.
I 'm sure you will n't mind doing me a small favor".
I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari.
a man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed.
again he stood in the darkness listening, but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor.
but to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier, he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure.
by 1898, rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming.
could n't I just"- His voice trailed off into silence.
for that legend was growing explosively, Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man.
from the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Black's house without using the street.
he could hear horses moving around inside, and nothing else.
he evidently could n't foresee that it might be his downfall in the end.
he had made himself the personification of the Devil to the homesteaders.
he made their spreads his headquarters, and he helped out in their roundups.
he moistened his lips uneasily.
he moved ahead carefully, his left hand in front of him, and came to a wooden partition.
he opened the door and went in, pulling it shut behind him.
he paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right, then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside.
he started toward the stairway, then turned to add," Tell her to come to Adams's room, that Adams is in trouble.
he turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he had n't before noticed.
his face pale, Summers headed for the street.
horse smell was very strong, and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws.
if someone were to drop a match in here, this place would go up like a haystack".
in the cow camps, Tom Horn was regarded as a hero, as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos.
it is also possible, but equally doubtful, that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him.
it is possible, although highly doubtful, that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state.
jury, judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere, at any time, to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated.
no cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer.
probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding.
such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the Bosler brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown.
summers pulled up short, and turned around.
tell her Curt Adams wants to see her".
tell her to come here to the hotel".
tell her to hurry".
the fact that Jess's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane's information had been wrong, but Curt did n't interpret it this way.
the hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range, waging a dedicated crusade against a lawless new society that was threatening a beloved way of life.
the mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week.
the small half-heartedly tended fields of men who 'd spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying fallow.
the wailing, guitar-strumming minstrels of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him.
there was a light in Black's front room, but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior.
there was no lock on the door, only an iron hook which he unfastened.
vastly relieved, Summers nodded and started toward the door.
when several minutes had passed and Curt had n't emerged from the livery stable, Brenner reentered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter.
" I ai n't drawin' against you", Jess said thickly.
" I heard how you outdrew Chico.
" does this make it any easier, coward"?
" get up, Crouch.
" he found out about you and Arbuckle talking.
" it was Brenner's idea", Jess mumbled, dabbing at his nose.
" no.
" tell me about Arbuckle!
" we 'll do it another way, then", he said harshly.
" who 's in there"?
" you 're staying right here for a while.
" you mean anyone who stood up for his rights", Curt said.
Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor.
Curt managed to duck beneath the man 's flailing fist, and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section.
Curt moved in and picked up his gun.
Curt opened the door, grabbed Black by the shoulder, and pulled him into the barn.
Curt twisted to one side, and the tines of the fork bit into the floor.
Curt was in almost as bad shape, but he would n't quit.
Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention.
Curt, angry enough to be a little reckless, raised his hands shoulder high.
I ai n't a gunslinger".
I just wanted to hear you say so".
Jess did n't seem too sure himself.
Jess had had enough.
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door.
Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides.
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose.
Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist.
an inch lower and it would have knocked him out.
as it was, his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move.
black called fearfully.
blood gushed from his nose, and he backed off as rapidly as he could, stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt's fists.
by now Curt was seeing clearly again.
even Black's old crowbait began to snort, and from the house Black yelled," Jess!
he backed Jess into a corner, grabbed a handful of the man's shirtfront, and drew back his right fist.
he dropped his own beside it.
he had found Curt's weakness, or what to Jess was a weakness, and was smart enough to take advantage of it.
he had to make Jess talk, and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate.
he let go of the shirt, and Jess slumped to the floor.
he lurched drunkenly to his feet, lowered his head, and took one step away from the wall.
he shook loose straw out of the action, and placed the gun in his holster.
he slammed into the wall, bounced back, and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning.
he stepped inside Jess's guard and landed two blows to the big man's belly, putting everything he had behind them.
he wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble".
his aim was hurried;
it gave Curt time to stagger to his feet.
it was like hitting a sack of salt.
leaving Jess 's where it lay, he left the stall.
once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster, only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin.
pain shout up Curt's arm clear to the shoulder, but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit.
so the pitchfork whistled over Curt's head.
somewhere in the distance, a woman screamed.
the buckskin bolted out of the stall.
the building shook, setting the lantern to swaying, and the buckskin to pitching again.
the tines broke off under Jess's twisting, and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt's brains out.
they made Jess double over.
turning his back, Curt crossed to the stall, reached over to untie the buckskin's halter rope, and waved his hand in the animal's face.
we 're going someplace".
what 's going on out there"?
when his eyes began to focus, he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork.
when his head came down, Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall.
with a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack.
you 're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club.
you killed him, did n't you"?
" I ai n't ragging him"!
" Jackson recruited his critters, and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up.
" Sally and her ma want to trade off on account of Harmony being so far along", Dan explained.
" a body would swear I floated right up here on a cloud"!
" ai n't no sense you eating our dust", Rod protested.
" but honest-to-Betsy, I 've seed more hair than that on a piece o' bacon".
" but the sun 'll fry it out' n me onct we git to rolling".
" come spring, you 'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too, gal".
" do n't reckon there 's nobody out there, 'cept maybe Dan, who can outgrip me, Harmony".
" from now on, Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and Rod's outfit".
" golly", Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators," do n't that fiddle make you wish the Bible did n't say us Baptists can n't dance"?
" how's Sally like rubbin' agin that thar little ticklebrush ye 're a-raising"?
" my right leg's stiff as a board this morning", he replied.
" my souls' a-gracious"!
" nor Methodists, neither", she replied.
" not that it matters to me, being this far along".
" quit ragging him, Gran", Rod protested.
" rheumatics worse, Pa"?
" shucks, Gran", they said almost in unison.
" that was n't nothing at all"!
" wonder what made them hurry so", Rod drawled, giving Dan a sly wink.
## Next morning, they moved on again.
**h And she really tried to go a step further and say she hoped they' d be just as right as they now were for her and for Rod.
Captain Clemens' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams.
Dan asked Hez, who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends.
Dan grinned, and changed the subject.
Gran Harrow exclaimed, watching their rippling muscles as Rod and Dan swung her up into the load.
Gran peered again at the week-old blond mustache shadowing Dan's upper lip.
Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock, official signboard for the Raft River turnoff, and gloated," Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their John-Henry up thar".
after their supper, the evening turned into a regular" Hoe-Down".
already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks, leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains.
and she was deeply thankful that she could see her now, out there in the midst of a gay, youthful circle, skipping and singing," Farmer in the dell, Farmer in the dell, Heigh-ho the dairy-oh, the farmer in the dell".
at the sight of Sally's happy face and carefree expression, Harmony's dark, brooding eyes quickly brightened with unshed tears.
at these words of sympathy and understanding, Harmony said generously," I do n't mind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games".
besides, 't ai n't no more 'n right for me to follow with my black oxen, so 's I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch".
but she could n't, not yet.
but with Bill O 'Connor on the fiddle, and Gran Harrow exuberantly shouting" Glory Be" and" Hallelujah" above their united chant of the lilting old ballads, they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration.
by now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting, or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them.
even Sally, in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome, followed the old taboo of" quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag".
even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness.
even the knowledge that she was losing another boy, as a mother always does when a marriage is made, did not prevent her from having the first carefree, dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley, way, way back there when they were crossing those other mountains.
for Matilda, it was the first she had known in many a night.
from then on, in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood, the whole group settled down to relish their food.
he 's got the tightest running gear in the train now.
he looked down at his big hands and slowly flexed his long fingers.
leaning forward in her chair, Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face.
no matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey, each one exerted its own appeal.
no sooner did they hear of Dan's injury than both Gran and Matilda went into immediate action.
no sooner were they through and the guards posted, than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep.
not with the memory of her folks and the lost Conestoga still holding her close **h.
only, they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration.
out in the center of the circle the farmer, who was Dan, wasted no time when they came to the line," The farmer choose his wife".
rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins.
rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied.
rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply," I ai n't much of a hand for Dare-Base and Farmer-in-the-Dell, but I 'd sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles".
she was glad, completely and unselfishly glad, to see that things were working out the right way for both Sally and Dan.
soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them.
soon the child, the dog, the cat **h and even the cheese, all joined them out there in the circle.
the three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain Clemens' signal.
the two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug, placed the chamber pot beside her feet, and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice.
the wound in his scalp was examined, pronounced healing, and well doctored with simples, before they dished up the victuals.
then, and only then, with the Jacksons and Dan as their true guests of honor, did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news.
with Rod on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs& Jackson while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff, Harmony settled on the edge of the grub box, to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her bone-weary legs, and worried about all that might have happened to Sally.
with a swift swoop of his big arms, he grabbed Sally out of the circle surrounding him, and then kissed her soundly before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their" outfit".
" Gyp Carmer could n't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told- and who else would have told him"?
" I 'll shove along home".
" Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs.
" Penny 's always glad to see me over there", he mused bleakly.
" but I still think Penny 's an awful nice girl, Russ"-" You do n't have to tell me", flashed Cobb.
" go through his pockets, will you?
" he 'll know when you tell him.
" it 's the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money.
" it 's within a hundred of what Crip had", he declared.
" look at this"!
" not me", he ruled decidedly.
" okay, Stevens.
" old Crip was n't", retorted Cobb tartly.
" shall we get out of here"?
" that is, if we can be sure this is Colcord's money"- Pat grunted.
" we know Penny spent some- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on".
" whatever you say".
" where else would he get it?
" you 're the doctor", he returned with a smile.
" you owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you, really", he observed mildly.
#14#" By golly, Stevens!
Carmer's ingenious cache for his loot had been found.
Cobb got it.
Cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent Gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan.
Cobb watched this with hunted eyes, his desperate hope waning by the moment.
I 've drawn his fangs", he snapped.
I 've had enough.
Pat let him go, following more leisurely.
Pat nodded.
Pat paused there, looking across at the young fellow.
Pat swung into the saddle, yet still he delayed, his brows puckered.
Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach.
Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly.
Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat, which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell.
at the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner, and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler.
but I want this to sink in awhile.
but he was more than half-drunk, and his faculties were dulled.
complying methodically, Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing.
count what you 've got there, Cobb.
giving the other a dark look, he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street.
glowering looks met them in the bar, but there was no attempt to halt them.
handing the money over, Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean.
he and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street.
he asked himself.
he started to return it.
he started to struggle up, heaving desperately.
his glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful.
if we have to we 'll take him apart and see what he 's made of"!
inside the crown, stuffed behind the stained sweatband, could be seen thin, crumpled wads of currency.
it was you that tracked it down anyway, Stevens", he pursued strictly.
it' ll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it, Russ".
kneeling, Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back, holding him pinned.
leaving the card room, they moved back through the Palace the way they had come.
neither spoke till they reached their horses.
over and above that, however, was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stober's part in recent events.
pausing in the outside door to glance behind him, Pat looked his unspoken warning and stepped out.
straightening up, his eyes ablaze, he held out the battered Stetson.
the truth was, the puncher was both bewildered and dismayed by his own mixed luck.
then maybe next time he will n't be so quick on the trigger".
to his faint surprise Russ held up his hand.
we can soon tell".
with a bellow Carmer lunged at him.
yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle.
you were right", Russ exclaimed, tearing the loose bills out of Carmer's hat.
" Roger, Sweeney", Todman called back, and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg.
" Todman, let 's try to go under this stuff.
" but this goddamn climate.
" somebody beat us to it"!
" we 'll make out.
" yeah.
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle.
Greg rumbled down the rough metal taxi strip, and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him.
Greg took the formation wide around three A-26 attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf.
Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home.
Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel.
Greg's mission was the last to leave, and as he circled the ships off Tacloban he saw the clouds were dropping down again.
Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation.
although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity.
as far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it.
at the prearranged time, Greg started the engine and taxied out.
but Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn.
do n't you worry, chief", Greg replied, wondering if he himself believed it.
finally, as time began to run out, he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies.
friend or enemy?
from the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight, he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip.
he dropped down to five hundred feet, swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban, and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain.
he possessed the fighter pilot's horror of bad weather and instrument flying, and he wondered, if the ceiling did drop, whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory.
he saw them, specks against the gray, but closing fast.
he shivered in the warm cockpit.
he spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast.
he thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill.
he was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todman's voice broke in:" Sweeneys!
he wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission.
his earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights.
if the other pilots were worried, they did not show it.
it 's for carabao not airplanes".
it was frustrating.
it was only a fifteen-minute flight, but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia.
like a man making a deep dive, Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley.
mercifully, it was still open.
once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him.
one of Greg's bombs hung up, and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it.
only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle.
see you", Donovan said as he jumped off the wing.
stay in close and we 'll go up the valley".
the accuracy was deplorable.
the ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet, and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in.
the control tower gave him immediate take-off permission, and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan.
the dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful.
the expression was his trade-mark, his open sesame to good luck, and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return.
the formation remained perfect.
the low clouds made bombing difficult.
the metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it.
the overcast was solid above him.
the pilots' heads looked ridiculously small.
the valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn.
there was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run.
they were headed straight for each other on a collision course.
they would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it did n't close in before they returned.
three bogies.
to the west, the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes.
twelve o'clock level".
underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray.
visibility continued to be limited, and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet.
water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers.
when the sea was visible ahead of them, the relief was as great as if the sun had come out.
with their load of bombs gone, the planes moved swiftly and easily.
yet long before the scheduled time for return, Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky.
" Ah m goin nawth t' jawn mah husbun in Sante Fe, an y' all maht prefuh the suhthuhn rewt.
" Mor-ee-air-teeeee", he shrieked, his white teeth grossly counterpointing those of the glittering blonde.
" Moriarty", my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite, so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity, mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced.
" gracias.
" just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh, Major Roebuck an Ah, an Huhmun says ' May Ah hev one < too > '?
" onleh one thiihng", Mrs& Roebuck continued.
## Autos whizzed past.
Adios", I said, exhausting my Spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my host's daughters.
Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered.
Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger.
I let up on the accelerator, only to gradually reach again the 60 m&p&h& which would, I hoped, overhaul Herry and the blonde, and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I, Mrs& Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs& Somebody in Sante Fe.
I nodded.
I said that it did n't make any difference to me either, as far as I knew.
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass.
I would have foregone my romantic chances rather than leave a friend sweltering and dusty and- Well, at least I would n't have shouted back a taunt.
Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age.
a large piece of engine cowling vanished.
as if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them.
blind fools.
but Corporal Johnson has alreadeh said it didn make no diffrunce t' hi-im".
cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation, and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat.
damn his luck.
eight aircraft in this small box.
forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican: Moriarty, New Mexico.
gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold.
he fought the panic of vertigo.
he had no idea which was up and which was down.
he held the controls where they had been.
he pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back.
he took a lead on the enemy, using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another.
his air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out.
his burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane.
his maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast, almost inverted and heading up into the clouds.
his nose up.
his speed was dropping rapidly.
how far I knew will shortly become apparent.
if he spun out now, he would join his opponent on the ground.
it did not seem possible that they had n't been spotted.
it was all Greg had time to see.
it was going to be dangerous.
it was stopping.
just as I straightened up with my duffel bag, I heard:" Sahjunt Yoorick, meet Mrs& Major J& A& Roebuck".
let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs& Roebuck" wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit" ( 35 m&p&h& )" is still in ee-faket".
luck was with him.
mrs& Roebuck smilingly declined and began suddenly to go on about her son, who was" onleh a little younguh than you bawhs".
mrs& Roebuck thought Johnson was a" sweet bawh t' lah lahk thet", but her Herman was getting to be a man, there was no getting around it.
now!
over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herry's black brushcut was just discernible, near, or enviably near that spot where- hidden- more delicately-textured, most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool, oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes.
over the rattling of fenders, humming of tires and chattering of gears there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles.
please, dear God, make my pilots good, he prayed.
six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished.
squeezing a look between Johnson's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired" Y' all drahve"?
still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching, its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me.
suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled, and, thumbing hopefully, I saw emergent in windshield flash: red lips, streaming silk of blonde hair and- ah, trembling confusion of hope, apprehension, despair- the leering face of old Herry.
sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip.
the Jap's propeller flew off in pieces.
the enemy did not veer.
the plane rumbled and slowed.
the voice was that of Johnson, tail gunner off another crew.
then I saw the father's head slightly turn;
we were coming to an intersection, turning right, chuffing to a stop.
when Johnson ejaculated" Howsabout my buying us all a nice cold Co-cola, Ma 'am"?
white-shirted and conservatively-cravated drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my supplicating and accusing gaze.
wingman, stay clear, he prayed.
" I 'm sorry.
" I 've done several filmed commercials for"- Then it hit me.
" I forgive"-" That's what started all the trouble in the first place.
" ZING"!
" aye-yah-ah-ah"!
" but one word at a time, O&K&"?
" drink, you son of a bitch"!
" no, I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here, and when it happened all I could think of was"- This time she stopped the rush of words herself.
" no, thanks".
" oh, do forgive me.
" s-s-sahjunt".
" sure".
" you and me both, dear.
##" I forgot"!
I 'm sorry"!
I cried.
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger, leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile.
I guided her to the divan, turned off the TV, faced her.
I heard the screech of brakes behind me, an insane burst of laughter beneath me.
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window.
I mean, surely we 've"-" You may have seen me on TV", she said.
I quickly turned around and began to drink.
I said," Do we know each other, Miss"?
I said.
I saw Johnson's bottle snatched from his hand, saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car.
I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board, a dirt clod- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle.
Johnson's fat hand, another bottle were protruding from the truck cab, and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler, had a bottle at his own lips.
and what eyes they were.
another car was coming, a tiny, dark shape on a far hill.
big and dark, a melting, golden brown.
brakes shrieked behind us.
but Johnson could n't quickly unwire the truck door, and if I escaped, he might suffer.
but the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson.
but worth waiting for.
eyes like hot honey, eyes that sizzled.
have n't we **h have n't I seen you **h.
in the ditch sand was white and soft-looking, only an occasional pebble discernible, faintly gleaming.
it was a disturbingly familiar face, too, but I could n't remember where we had met.
it was her first smile.
looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number.
oh, dear, I 'm all unstrung".
on the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery;
on unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash.
plus flawless skin, smooth brow and cheeks, lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them.
shall I go on"?
she jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again, but not soon enough.
she sat quietly, staring at me from the wide eyes.
she smiled.
she stood up, pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off, then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched, wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out.
she was still hugging the stained coat around her, so I said," Relax, let me take your things.
she was wearing nothing beneath the coat.
she yelped.
the Indian was again raising his bottle, but to my astonished relief- probably only a fraction of Johnson 's- the bottle this time went to the Indian's lips.
the Indian's arm whipped sidewise- there was a flash of amber and froth, the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car.
the car 's far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center.
the car was approaching fast.
there had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out, and now I was certain I 'd seen her somewhere before.
there was a blur just under my focus of vision, a crash;
there was no time to pick out a penny;
this time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women.
two cars came over a crest, their chrome and glass flashing.
we were slowing.
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin- Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket.
would you like a drink, or coffee"?
" I 'm starting to itch", she said.
" and I so want the part", she said.
" do n't hurry < too > much.
" goodbye.
" how 'd you hear about this one"?
" itch"?
" oh, I 'd love to".
" oh, you can count on that".
" only when I do it".
" soak **h as long as you want, Joyce.
" the commercials have just been for money, there has n't been any real incentive for me to do them, but in < Underwater Western Eye > I 'd have a chance to < act >.
" well, goodbye", I said.
" yes, I 'm still all covered with that soap.
" you might as well wait here while I 'm gone, so you can use my shower if you 'd like".
## As far as I was concerned, she had already and had dandily shown what she could do.
Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan, and it took me less than five minutes to get there.
I 'll be soaking for **h at least half an hour".
I could show what I can < do >".
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool.
I grinned, but ignored the question.
I shook my head.
I showed her the shower and tub, and she said, smiling," If you really do n't mind, I think I 'll get clean in the shower, then soak for a few minutes in your tub.
I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door.
I was loaded with suds when I ran away, and I have n't had a chance to wash it off.
Joyce squirmed a little on the divan.
Lieutenant Rawlins, one of the plain-clothesmen, spotted me and said," Hi, Shell", and walked toward me.
Rawlins worked out of Central Homicide and we 'd been friends for years.
a call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine p&m&, and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that- 10 minutes ago now.
a few yards beyond the group of men, a man's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra.
as I went out, I could hear water pouring in the shower.
at the pool 's far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned, and on the water's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp-looking lather.
but I promised Joyce I would mention her name, if at all, only as a last resort.
but if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal, the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife, Mrs& Oatnut Grits.
but suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them.
but the scene was not the quiet, calm scene I 'd expected.
does n't it you"?
four cars were parked at the curb, and two of them were police radio cars.
he did n't push it;
he filled me in.
hell, she could n't.
her impact in the ZING commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series, < Underwater Western Eye, > a documentary-type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits.
hot water.
however, when there 's a job to be done, I 'm a monstrosity of grim determination, I like to think.
it' ll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you.
lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
mmmm, it sure itches".
neither of them, I understood, had been present at the filming session earlier.
one of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color.
or at least not to Joyce.
present at the scene- in addition to the dead man, who was indeed Louis Thor- had been Thor's partner Bill Blake, and Antony Rose, an advertising agency executive who handled the ZING account.
seeming much relieved, she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles, and I smiled all the way into the bedroom.
she realized I 'd have to notify the police, but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name.
she smiled slightly.
she would n't be taking a cold shower.
so you 'll have everything all to yourself, doggone **h" I looked at my watch.
softly.
ten after nine.
that always relaxes me.
that was all she said.
there I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness, slipped my coat on, and went back into the front room.
time to go, I supposed.
two uniformed officers, a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew, and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left.
warmly.
you 'd better hurry".
" I do n't know", she said.
" I do n't understand", she insisted.
" I do n't want to be thrown out and I do n't think I will.
" I guess so", she said.
" I guess we both felt it".
" I know what we can do", I said.
" I know.
" are you trying to cut your throat"?
" but now what"?
" but you"- she began.
" by telling him you are making passes at me"?
" do n't worry about me.
" no", I chuckled," I 'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education".
" tell him I made a pass at you".
" what are you trying to do?
" when I was in college", I grinned," I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class.
" you 're the man.
I 've noticed the way you 've been looking at me ever since we met".
I bent and kissed the still pink neck and suddenly she jumped up, and her two arms encircled me in a bear-like crush.
I do n't even remember who wrote it but it was one of those 15th or 16th century poets.
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be, but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife.
I heard her murmur," We 'd better lock the door".
I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date.
I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me.
I quit work at my usual hour as if this day was no different from other days.
I said.
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us".
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune.
I was standing beside her, watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped.
I was thinking about that.
I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my Uncle's indisposition.
a lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks, and having a ball.
and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us.
and to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead.
as we expected, on the following day my Uncle was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning.
even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable.
even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks, and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights.
for several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners, and then one day Uncle was slightly indisposed and stayed home;
get thrown out?
he already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly, while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living.
he could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask.
her mouth, which had been so much in my thoughts, was warm and moist and tender.
his bride opened the store.
how will we work it out"?
if I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew- and not even a blood nephew"?
if you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did, so instead of just telling him I made a pass, say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am.
in those days poems often told a story in verse and those boys had some corkers to tell;
it did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch.
it will turn out all right".
or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father;
perhaps, with my Uncle, she found a measure of economic security that she needed;
she placed her palms, fingers outspread, on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say," Now, what next"?
she raised a protesting hand with a startled air.
she said incredulously.
some women with father fixations do.
the cavernous depth, cluttered with antiques, echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk.
there was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour.
there will be romance and flirtation.
tomorrow Mardi Gras opens officially.
we made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain.
when I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it".
when we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said:" he will not always be indisposed".
you are both the same size.
you figure it out.
" his address", Walter added," is that great foundling home, the American Express.
" how like him"!
" what a beautiful room.
( the Gra^fin was partial to the word ' shall '.
) Meredith was irritated when the Gra^fin knocked at his door and told him," She is a great beauty!
;
;
Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities.
Mary Jane got up, quietly, and walked away.
Mary Jane had made very little effort.
Mary Jane had smilingly said.
Meredith began falling in love.
Nicolas was dreaming he had his head pressed against the dashboard of a speeding car.
a smile.
a thing he did not like doing, generally.
above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with, as he soon perceived, no brassiere beneath.
actually, she is a sad beauty, I believe.
and I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband **h".
and then we shall see **h".
as she was rather tired this evening, her simple" Thank you for the use of your bath"- when she sat down opposite him- spoken in a low voice, came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control.
before dinner, he shaved for the second time that day.
but a young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once.
families are < very > interesting.
for the last half hour Mary Jane had criss-crossed half the length of the Gardens and, at last, come upon her knight.
fruit compote:" if you think I would understand it";
having opened the windows onto the terrace, lit the fire, translated the motto, Meredith grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin.
he began sweating.
he belched, he stretched.
he blew his nose expertly between his fingers.
he flexed his muscles for several minutes, got into the tub, and then grew self-conscious of splashing as he washed.
he half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then, more vigorously, between his legs.
he half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass.
he sneezed.
he spit.
he was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Gra^fin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table.
her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders.
his nose was tickled.
his presence there, asleep in the grass, confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her: freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels, the meaning of nature, how to live, simply, with the angels.
in his dream he cried," Slow down, for Chrissake"!
in the small gallery used as the guests' dining room, Meredith sat down at his place and, as always, began teasing the young waitress.
it would be literary license calculated to glamorize life to say that he, oh, dropped his napkin, so startled was he by Mary Jane's beauty.
like **h < as if > it were built of books".
nevertheless, there is no bath.
no.
opening these he brought out a schnapps bottle and small gold thimble-sized glasses hidden inside it.
perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day.
rather erotically he listened to the bath water running;
shall we allow her not to have a bath?
she had retreated to this world.
she had touched her face, truly a noble and pure face, only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual.
she set down her suitcase.
should she wake him?
singing into the mirror and his interested eyes, he was pleased to note, when he stripped for his own bath, that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan.
smiling, she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched.
soup:" only this morning";
the Gra^fin, who was charmed by her, told her," Your sister who was here two years ago has quite < dark > hair.
the result was grace and modesty.
the sun grew hotter as it approached the midday.
twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the Gra^fin's pension, her tears dried, signing a hotel form and asking for a bath.
veal cutlets:" oh, I could n't possibly eat all this"!
when it stopped he began busily typing, sitting up in a virtuous way.
wine:" then you were typing poems this afternoon"?
yet he did drop his badinage with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Gra^fin as acknowledgement that here, indeed, was something special.
you shall see her at dinner".
" < Somewhere!
" Hettie", he said as gently as he could," we 're still headed west.
" Hettie, they did n't sell you", he said miserably.
" I might have starved, but at least I would n't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt"!
" I suppose", he muttered," I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks, once we find a settlement".
" and add fever to our troubles"?
" do n't try to be noble"!
" maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves".
" or do you want to see if I can stand fever, too"?
" the tires are rattling on the wheels now.
" they knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina, but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own.
" they would n't have sold me in the first place if there 'd been food enough to go around".
" we 're lost and burning up already", she bit out tensely.
" we can boil it", he said.
" we can get it if we dig", he said patiently.
" you had better get inside", he warned her.
## Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them- heavy, ominous, leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills.
>" she repeated.
actually, she had hated him before she ever saw him.
and goaded the oxen as he yelled.
and then came the water- not rain, but solid sheets that sluiced down like water slopping from a bucket.
but each mile westward, she had hated him the deeper.
but she sat on in stubborn silence.
frozen, they stared at it whirling down the valley, gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones.
he darkened under his heavy burn.
he had left her inviolate, thinking familiarity would gentle her in time.
he had never seen clouds like them before, but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina.
he had picked out this pathless trail, instead of the common one, in a moment of romantic fancy, to give them privacy on their honeymoon.
he hollered hoarsely," Hang on"!
he stared at the dipper, turning it over and over in his wide, calloused hands.
he swung up over the wheel.
he tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river.
he wanted to turn them, putting the wagon against the storm.
he winced.
her chin sharpened.
her laugh was hard.
his blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead.
his wide mouth compressed.
in a way, he could n't blame her.
it had been a mistake, but anything would have been a mistake, as it turned out.
it had been five days too late before he learned that she 'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum, administered by her mother.
it was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence.
it was n't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her.
she had hated the whole idea before they started.
she had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder.
she scoffed.
somewhere, we 'll hit a trail".
the bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound.
the clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel.
the dangerous current upon the prairie ceased, but the water stood and kept on rising.
the heavens opened, pelting them with hail the size of walnuts.
the jetting, frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff.
the six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake.
the valley lay clear, and open to the eye, right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt, scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead.
their world turned black.
there was no valley like this on your map.
they thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what 's inside of them.
they' ll roll off in another day.
through the splash of the rising waters, they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon, gnashing big chunks out of the banks.
to his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
too late, he realized that in turning, he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground, instead of atop a grade or ridge.
walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods.
without money or property, what would you have had at Baton Rouge"?
you do n't even know where we 're headed".
" God help us if we 're near the island of Eromonga.
" I know something about Eromonga.
" I think I know what you mean, Brassnose", I said.
" Sommers, you bale while we row", Brassnose commanded.
" aaa-ee!
" let 's get away fast", said Brassnose, shaking water from his mop of bleached hair.
" that tub is going to explode all at once".
" what is the scaffolding for, Brassnose"?
> it < is > Eromonga- look hard, you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff".
Brassnose was strangely silent.
Brassnose yelled:" come on, Sommers, Max **h < step on it, we got a chance now >.
Brassnose, Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat.
Foster Lukuklu Frayne made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs: I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil.
I 'd rather keep bailing- or sink".
I 'm sure that males have something to do with that process"!
I expected Brassnose- as a man with a strain of Melanesian in his blood- to speak to them.
I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the man's bare back.
I remembered, too, the jesting voice of a classmate, Bobby Pauson:" but how do they reproduce, Dr& Griggs?
I squinted at the looming shoreline.
I was puzzled by the remark, then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard Griggs three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies.
a fine example of engineering in a primitive society.
a half-hour passed;
already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water.
as best as I could determine, we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea, in the Bismark Archipelago.
but he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked.
but we did n't.
dimly, we heard the voices of men in mortal agony but we could n't go back into that inferno.
he had been speaking of this archipelago:" even when the islands were under German mandate before World War 1,, Europeans gave Eromonga a wide berth.
he made a sound of despair deep in his throat.
he sprinted to the rail and leaped overboard into the shark-infested waters.
he then said something which struck a chord in my memory.
heave on those ropes;
her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the lifeboat which dropped heavily into the water.
in < ngandlu >.
in a voice so frightened as to seem not his own, the big bo'sun's mate quavered:" < Tchalo!
in fact, one important aspect of their very religion is the annihilation of men".
indeed, you would n't live long, for the females either drive the men they' ve seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes, or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods.
it is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose, to discover if a male in worthy of survival there.
it is their < tultul >, the ' jumping platform ' of death.
it was embarrassing to see strapping, blonde Brassnose comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen.
it was perhaps 80 feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs.
let 's hope we come to a safer place".
my friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire.
now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific, for this interminable bailing would have to stop soon.
of course, males play a role there, but believe me when I say you would n't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga.
often, I heard my uncles and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in Rabaul.
one especially bad detonation shook Lifeboat No& 3 which trembled violently in the davits.
our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga, I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft.
our muscles were hot wires of pain.
so, I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said," We greet you in peace.
the < Bonaventure > was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare.
the big man with the whitened hair murmured something: his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue, which I recognized, having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6, class at the University of Chicago.
the boat's come unstuck".
the place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century- stone age amazons who live in an all-female, matriarchal society which is self-sufficient".
then the < Bonaventure > seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam, geysers of sparks and flames, and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke.
there < was > a wooden tower or derrick there, something like a ski jump;
there had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs said dryly:" I see your point, Pauson.
there were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands;
they had never seen a < tultul > but they had heard about it from < their > fathers".
three days previously, we had steamed past barren Rennell Island in the distance.
three hours later, while we were bailing desperately, a dot of land came into view.
we 'd be in real trouble then.
we had drifted closer.
we pulled and swore and yanked and wept, scraping our hands until they bled profusely.
" I 'd like to know just which it is that those guys do n't understand, the liquor or automobiles".
" I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized, then headed for home.
" Karipo's women then named this place ' Eromonga '- manhood- for just the strongest men could stay here.
" ever see yourself spread out on the pavement, Benny"?
" he was n't in the car", Ramey said.
" if you want to see something, he 's back on the other side by the trunk of the car".
" nope, just you, all the time- sometimes I think it 's the only way I 'll ever get a decent partner".
" not exactly.
" there 's a body you will n't mind looking at", Benson said and they stopped.
" too long a waiting line", Ramey answered, pretending to joke.
" what 's she doing in this bunch"?
" what outfit does she drive for"?
" you did n't go clear around", Benson said.
" you mean dream"?
" you seen him yet"?
Benson grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble.
Benson looked up and saw Ramey's long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall bib.
Benson said, and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been.
Benson said, referring to the Indian.
Benson said.
Horsely, an agent on the east end, wore the hat, trying to look like a tourist.
Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack.
Ramey smiled but he thought to himself, I always see me too.
a few minutes later the insurance man, a road checker, drove up in the gray coupe with license plates on it from a far-away state.
all the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges, the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane.
anyway, he does n't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at.
come, I show you".
every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then speeded up again as it got clear.
for a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened.
he chatted with Ramey and Benson for a minute or so in the meager shade of the trailer.
he had never seen her before, but now he thought of the manner in which he and Benson went in and out of the cities, at each end of their run.
he said to his partner.
her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing.
how would you ever see her again?
in the shade of a palm tree in front of the squalid dwelling I saw four figures in a semi-circle on the ground.
it had always seemed strange to Ramey that to disguise himself as a tourist, an ex-truck driver like Horsely would merely pick something outlandish and put it on his head.
it made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on.
it was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed.
just see it".
maybe he was only doing the best he knew how, like any of us.
maybe the Indian was n't too much at fault, Ramey thought.
maybe to beat up on his squaw".
never Benny.
seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey, a recognition.
she began to watch a blonde-haired man, also in shorts, standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly.
she had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates, although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that.
she might have been someone he had once loved.
she wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt.
slender and tanned, her dark brown hair was drawn straight back, simply.
somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver.
sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed.
the feeling subsided, it was only a small yearning.
the girl looked around at the countryside.
the girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her.
the girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson, in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real, said," You do n't want to go around there, Ma 'am".
the insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town.
the old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood.
the truck routes, the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay.
their work was lonely.
then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think.
what had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself, so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see, but Benson knew what it was.
when they were ready to leave, Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer.
whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt, Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind.
with this realization, sometimes, he saw himself as he looked down.
" > Penny did not answer.
" I realize that this is hardly the time to say it, Penny", said Keith.
" Keith", said Penny," Keith, you were wonderful.
" all of us- every goddam roach and worm and killer in that jungle.
" all right, step back"!
" but knowing you, I know that you 're glad to be alive, and grateful- and sorry because I killed the snake, even though I had to.
" it was a king cobra, the largest you ever saw, and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle, did n't it?
" mough- it 's my mough", the man said, trying to talk without moving his lips.
" the snake was beautiful, was n't it"?
" there is n't anything left to say, is there, Keith"?
" we 're all God's creatures, are n't we"?
" yes", she said, almost in a whisper, as if admitting to a crime.
" you all right"?
**h Well, why do n't you say something"?
< DIDN 'T IT?
< she 's got guts, > thought Keith.
< she 's got more guts than any other woman in the world >.
> all of us, that is, except me.
Benson moved his arms, gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly.
I do n't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life, but I am.
Keith was snarling now.
Penny lowered her eyes.
Penny would not rise to his mood.
Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man.
Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman.
Ramey said nothing.
Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer.
a shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again.
and for the hundredth time that week, he was startled at her beauty.
and he loves you because you 're a beautiful woman.
and you love Ahmiri, that black bastard of a servant even a little more, because he 's a beautiful man.
asked Keith, his voice getting harsher in spite of himself, as he struggled to control his growing anger.
behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers.
but her beauty always surprised him anew.
but her hands were calm, now.
he heard their chattering, and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes.
he knew her mind pretty well, by now, its quick perceptions and sympathies, its painful insistence on truth and directness, its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate, even in part.
he knew she was not sulking, not even angry at him.
he saw the dark sweat spots flip in and out of sight under the patrolman 's swinging arms and in the leather holster that swaggered and rolled at the side of his stocky body, the sun left a smoky shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the horned handles of his pistol.
he slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up, alarmed at the sound of the shots.
he smiled at her sincerity.
he walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him.
his brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it.
is n't that so"?
it 's all over now, the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them.
it was only then that he turned to look at Penny.
just as he knew that she had stopped loving him.
no one seemed to know for sure what had happened, nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver, beyond finding out.
now, she just sat there looking at him, without an expression except concern for him.
seven years they' d been married.
she said, her voice rising.
she softly let herself into the bed, and took her regular side, away from the door, where she slept better because Keith was between her and the invader.
she was sitting on the edge of the bed again, back in the same position where the snake had found her.
some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey.
strange.
thank you, Keith".
the body continued to lash, but now Keith used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome, bloody mass out of the bungalow.
the fear had not entirely gone from her face, but there were some other emotions now, crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth.
the patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis.
then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head- caught in the wicker back of the chair, the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute.
we 're all God's creatures, < are n't we, Penny?
you actually hate me- and we both know it- because I killed that filthy snake.
you hate me, you hate my guts, because I like to hunt.
you love this village and these stinking brown people because they' re God's creatures, too.
" I was down to 275.
" I was expecting it, sure.
" all I have to do to set the record is to go on down.
" anyway", Waddell went on.
" it 's nothing to fool with.
" maybe not, if you 're 200 feet under water", Artie said.
" no, it was n't that", Rob said.
" our boy did n't chicken out, no sir.
" pressure-happy", Artie said, and climbed in.
" temper, temper", Mrs& Forsythe said, laughing uneasily.
" that's right", Robinson said.
" the equipment was fine", Rob stated, standing up.
" was it my equipment"?
" was it something went bad with the breathing"?
" well, I get it", Artie said, still on the ladder.
" well, that 's the only way to be", Mrs& Forsythe said, and gave her brassy laugh.
" when I came up, damnit, < I thought I was going down >.
" you are a big muscle-bound ape and you got this idea about setting a record.
I 've been that far half a dozen times.
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening".
I do n't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick".
Robinson clambered heavily into the boat, sat down, and stripped off his triple-tank assembly.
Waddell, the newspaperman, was a fellow in his middle forties, with a graying crewcut, heavy-framed glasses, and a large jaw padded with fat.
a note of awe came into his voice.
a phony blonde hanging onto a bygone youth and beauty, but irreparably stringy in the neck, she was already working on her second gin and tonic, though it was not yet ten A&M&" I loused it", Rob said, with a savage note in his voice.
and Robinson Roy, who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive, was already back on the surface.
and in the hunting land, this hunger was considered to be a noble thing.
and while he was ever alert for game, and most particularly a tiger, Penny marvelled at the Eden they were traversing.
and you also got this little spark in your bird-brain that tells you to turn around before you drown yourself.
but there are big rogues in both countries.
but when it happens to you like that, I tell you, and you 're a hundred feet from where you thought you were- well, it makes you think.
he and Penny would go out on tame elephants, raised from babyhood in the < keddah >.
he and his safety man, Herr Schaffner, swam up to the boarding ladder together.
he even hunted elephant, although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin.
he had his voice under control again: no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him.
he ran into the rapture of the depths.
he stared stonily at the floor.
he took his mask from his forehead and threw it, unexpectedly, across the deck.
he was a huge young man of twenty-four, clothed in muscle, immensely strong, with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation.
he was frowning.
it makes the diver feel drunk".
mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants, or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close.
nitrogen narcosis.
not me, anyway.
not right away".
now he was going to show how much he knew.
now, the next morning, they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms, with the weighted line beside it;
peacocks strutted across their path, preening.
so instead I come up".
so you turn around".
that was his true love, not Penny.
the German asked.
the German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first.
the great black leopards.
the sambur buck, the jungle stag that is even more noble than the Scottish elk.
the terrible power of a gun, the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body, man or beast, was one he never wanted to lose.
there were fantastic flowers without perfume, and gaudy birds without song.
these were the ones Keith sought out- the loners, the ones who killed for the joy of it, like himself.
they came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools.
this is a paradise for hunters.
this was the land of the sladang, the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread.
when they got to Shillong, in Assam, he was happy.
wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes, and grunted derision when they did n't consider such game worthy of a shot from the .404's.
you do n't head back down again.
" I am an honest man", the German said with fervor.
" I do not drink so much".
" I think maybe you 're right, Schaffner", he said.
" I will give Mr& Roy his due for this dive.
" at 200, 300, 400 feet under the water, when he must be paying very much attention, he will be thinking about what you are telling him.
" at least for South Florida".
" blessed Saint Nicholas, I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered.
" by God", Waddell said," we do n't want to upset the boy at this time of all times.
" he has the distributorship for Florida, you say"?
" holy Mary, Mother of God, Star of the Sea, stay Thou with me on this next dive.
" if you will pardon, I think it would be better if not.
" join me in another"?
" on the basis of the facts".
" one moment"!
" thank you", the German had said courteously.
" well, I was a little bit confused.
" well, let 's let him make up his own mind, OK"?
" what else"?
" yes", the German said.
" you came straight up from 275 without a stop", Artie said.
" you intend to speak with Mr& Roy"?
" you know I know it", Robinson answered warily.
" you will make him unhappy and anxious", the German said.
## Now, in that same cabin, Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk.
Artie had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger.
Herr Schaffner said.
I guess you 're right".
I know this from my talks with him".
I will make him distributor for all of Florida- a big market.
Waddell asked.
Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk.
Waddell said.
all tourists come to Florida.
amen".
and make my life different and better from this time on.
and when I make the dive again"- He paused;
anyway, I was n't down long enough to matter.
as he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie, who came in and sat down on a bunk.
but there is no use causing him to worry at this time".
crossed himself;
fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions.
folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck, he took his appeal direct to Headquarters.
he crossed himself again and rose.
he felt a good deal less shaky.
he had asked.
he pressed his palms together and addressed himself to the patron saint of divers in a hurried and anxious whisper.
he sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps.
he started out the door.
he took a big swig of his drink.
he waited awhile before he said," Roy, you know your decompression table, do n't you"?
it is not good, Mr& Waddell: you will do him great harm".
it would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this.
let me set the record this time, and let me get back OK, so the German will give me the exclusive.
make it come off all right.
mr& Roy is determined to make this dive.
said a Hail Mary, slowly and with understanding.
the German's words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty.
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America.
the story was shaping up nicely in his mind: the young pioneer, as of old, altruistically braving the unknown;
there was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said.
there was the end of his front-page feature story, with byline.
this will help him to get out of his little tackle shop.
whatever you tell him he will dive.
yes!
" are you a thrower of flame, marine"?
" be a good turtle".
" none for you".
" you came well equipped to die".
< sake >.
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out.
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips.
Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness, concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke.
Matsuo shook his head.
Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground, out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows.
around the hole, blood glistened in a little patch.
awkwardly with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle.
before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy, and insects hummed and birds occasionally called.
but jumping right up, he staggered in no particular direction.
down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage.
drunk on < sake >, he must have wandered off from his bivouac.
every so often he turned the knife.
five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight, immediately throwing his hands over his eyes.
from its holder he took his own canteen.
gradually he reached a conclusion.
hand grenades.
he did n't smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter;
he had no use any longer for exact time, even had the watch been running.
he sniffed and recognized it.
he squatted by the head, gently placing the rifle on the ground.
he waited in his squat, gripping the hair.
he was bearded.
he went into a whirling dance, a sort of blind chasing of the tail.
he wore no head cover of any kind and, more odd, had no visible weapon.
heat, in the sunlight, pressed in like an invisible crowd.
in one: a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter, both sticky from the man 's bleeding.
in the caves, with other supplies, they had kept cases of < sake >.
in the hush that followed the echoes, Matsuo was tense.
in the other: a wristwatch with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief.
it ended when he tumbled;
maintaining his clutch on the hair, Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets.
not only had he no canteen, but he lacked even the belt to hang one on.
one by one he tossed the objects aside.
reflex?
rifle leveled on the man, he made a rush.
so that had been his difficulty.
so, alive.
some odor made him lean over the man.
the bobbing head was a poor target, so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk.
the bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone;
the cap was stuck and made a thin rusty squeaking as he applied pressure.
the marine blinked, soon dropping his hand.
the marine reached up a hand.
the marine shut his eyes.
the marine spun, clapping a hand high on his chest, and dived forward.
the marine tried to roll on his right side, and moaned.
the marine was alone, for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree.
the marine was sprawled some thirty yards away, one arm extended.
the marine's eyes opened, squeezed shut, then opened squinted in the glare.
the pockets of his jacket bulged.
the sitter remained seated hugging the tree.
the smell of < sake > had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts.
then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief.
they could come on him now without difficulty.
too bad the marine had no water.
when he got closer to the tree, Matsuo noted the wild look on his face.
when he rolled on the left side, propping on his left elbow, Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over.
with a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair, and, twisting, pulled the marine over on his back.
with a sudden decisiveness he lurched in Matsuo's direction, crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop.
" I 'm Billy Tilghman", said the stranger," and I 've come for Pat Conyers' body".
" I do n't aim to have minors breathing down my neck when I 'm a-drinking": the stranger ignored him.
" OK, Tilghman, I 'm quitting".
" amen", said the Reverend Doran, grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone," and now my brethren, it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere".
" and me", said another Blue Throat henchman.
" and now", said Tilghman with deadly calm," I 'll repeat what I said.
" and what makes you think you 're going to get it, pretty boy"?
" because I 'm asking.
" if Blue Throat has his way he 'll keep us all cooped up in here for days", he said.
" seems to me I do n't remember altering any law about that".
" since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town, boys"?
" stay right here where you are, kid", he called.
" that critter will be back tomorrow", predicted George Rust," and he 'll bring fifty of his kind back with him.
" the kid has no manners, boys.
" there 's only one thing to move him fast, and we have it right here in this very store".
" yes, George, but I ai n't got poor old Pat's body yet.
" your superiors will certainly beat you for your desertion, besides the dishonor of it.
Billy Tilghman and his comrades rode off to the battle.
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite.
CHAIRS SCRAPED BACK and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar.
I 've come for Pat Conyers' body".
I 've nothing for you".
Tilghman 's clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and clipped the big gunfighter on the side of his chin.
Tilghman and his partner, George Rust, herded the men into a corner.
Tilghman flung himself aside, dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun.
Tilghman leapt on to him, dragged him upright and hit him again, this time sending him careening against the bar.
a bullet gouged into the bar top an inch from Tilghman's stomach as Blue Throat's henchmen started shooting.
a third shot doused the light.
and I aim to have it".
another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor.
any posse riding down the street to demand Blue Throat's surrender would be wiped out with one deadly burst of fire.
blue Throat was slumped with his back against the bar, elbows supporting his massive frame.
blue Throat will n't stand for this.
blue Throat winked at his six cronies.
blue Throat, nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride, rode out of town with the survivors of the fight.
blue Throat, who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months, certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship.
from the convulsive quivers of the man's shoulders it was plain he had resumed the weeping.
he 'll shoot up the town".
he asked.
he called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom.
he did n't stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leader's right hand was on the butt of his revolver.
he fired again, and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed.
he leered at the stranger as the distance between them closed.
he reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China.
he rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street.
he sized up the situation and shook his head.
he straightened up, alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer.
his gun was half drawn when he asked the question, but the weapon never left its holster.
his head snapped round and he reeled back, crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling.
in China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform, smudged, blood-specked, with the village burning about him and shells exploding.
in two minutes the body of Tilghman's former comrade, who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling brawl the previous night, was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial.
it was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring, ruthless gun-slinger, and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it.
most of the time I get what I ask for".
only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were.
several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived.
shall we teach him some"?
somebody brought a light.
somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled," You all right, Billy"?
the Colt roared twice and two men dropped, writhing.
the Reverend James Doran had scarcely completed Pat Conyers' last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie, when shots were heard in the distance.
the entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn.
the law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store, halfway down the street.
the prediction was correct.
there is nothing for you", Matsuo said.
" Billy Tilghman is too good a man to shoot in the back.
" I 'll be all right.
" I 'll get her yet", he muttered to himself.
" I 've got to get her".
" I got Margaret Rider in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry".
" are n't you hungry"?
" are you sick"?
" do n't you play hard today then.
" no", he said.
" no, I 'm not hungry", he said, pushing back the bacon and eggs.
" no.
" o& K&, I will n't play hard", he promised.
" whad d ya say, boy"?
" what 's the matter, honey"?
" you 'll stay right here", commanded Bill Doolin, covering Red with his rifle.
" you know what I done last night"?
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway, through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school.
Charles said, grinning, showing his huge yellow teeth.
Charles, also fifteen, was tall and skinny, scraggly, with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes.
FOR SEVERAL MONTHS now, Jack Carter, a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy, pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them, had been haunted by a dream, a vision, of a Woman.
I guess it 's this hot weather".
Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty, because girls were Charles' only apparent interest.
Miss Langford ( her first name was Evelyn ) was an attractive girl.
Wiley Lynn, a self-styled prohibition officer, had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since.
about that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him, he thought, although probably she did n't even see him.
all, that is, except Jack.
and if you get sick, ask the teacher to let you come home early.
and so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school, where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade, the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure.
but Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles' revelations ( even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention ), so he usually invited them, as he did now.
but if it had been, it had been smothered until now by fear ): you could tell it by the way she watched the older, bigger boys, like Jack.
but the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell, Oklahoma, where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets.
but they never said anything, so he figured it was all right.
daddy left the car for me, and I 'm going to town this afternoon".
he ate litle that morning, and his mother became concerned, inasmuch as he usually ate heartily.
he considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him.
he could not keep his eyes off her when at school;
he did n't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath;
he felt a little sick at his stomach.
he hung around the schoolhouse, watching through a window from outside while Miss Langford straightened desks and put the room in order.
he jumped back, ducked and ran, crouching, down the hill away from the school.
he thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating.
he would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him.
just then Charles Lever yelled," Hey, Jack", from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house, and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door, yelling" Good-bye, Mom" over his shoulder.
once ( this was on the third day of school ) she kneeled down to pick up some books where they' d dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg.
outside it was already hot at 7:30 A&M&, and it was getting hot in the kitchen.
school began in August, the hottest part of the year, and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children, letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another.
she said, with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child.
she would look at Jack, with that hidden something in her eyes, and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick.
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately.
something was beginning to stir and come alive in her, too ( it may have been there for a good while, since she was twenty now;
sometimes he did this three or four times a day, for this Woman was almost always with him.
tall, blonde, blue-eyes, fair, buxom without being heavy, she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh, starched summer dress.
that night he dreamed a dream violent with passion, in which he and the Woman, now the teacher, did everything except engage in the act ( and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality ), and when he awoke the next morning his heart was afire.
that night he reeled out of Ma Murphy's dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver.
the first two or three days they went home early.
the vision became even stronger now.
then he slowed to a walk.
then he would run to the toilet behind the house.
this Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face, but she radiated warmth, a sweet warmth;
we 'll let him go".
what"?
when he awoke in the mornings, she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh.
when he went home at night, he took her with him in his mind, and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do, and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do.
when she would do these things, he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach.
" Aristide!
" another youth, Madame"?
" be quiet, Devol!
" my name is Dandy Brandon, missy.
" this one is a tender chicken, < oui?
" what is your name, boy?
" you will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems".
> such delicate beauty, such fine flesh.
Aristide Devol, the sardonic manservant who had been brought in chains years before from his native Sierra Leone, smiled thinly and touched his well-brushed beaver hat.
Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her gloved hands and drove Dandy Brandon- cowering in the back seat of the carriage- to her mansion at 677 Perdido Street.
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society.
I belong to Master Alexander Prieur".
I want you to find < Monsieur > Prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase.
I will n't bite, you know".
Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum.
Madame Lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders.
Prieur has gout and depends on Louis' pills and bleedings.
although New Orleans was not to learn of it for a spell, she also was a sadist, a nymphomaniac and unobtrusively mad- the perpetrator of some of the worst crimes against humanity ever committed on American soil.
and so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window, looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner, while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed, going home.
besides, he owns 300 slaves.
but Dandy had had little experience with girls on his master's plantation in Bayou St& John.
col& Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners.
come a bit closer.
dr& Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion.
he chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start.
he gaped at Madame Lalaurie and sniffed the Paris perfume which emanated from her.
he proudly wore the blue livery of her house, for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie, wife of the prominent surgeon, Dr& Louis Lalaurie, who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names.
he scarcely saw them.
he showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently, his brass earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy.
he was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent allure for women of any race.
he was possessive in his manner and, though a slave, obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners.
his bold eyes raked the woman, and a perceptive spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner.
his heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think, his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child," How will I do it?
if the old fool argues about the price, tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer.
it is almost time for and calinda to begin".
it will rip and shred easily for Madame".
lifting her skirts, she climbed in, never relinquishing her grip on his arm.
lithe and muscular, he had well-molded features, and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family.
mrs& Lalaurie impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage.
on the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise.
once inside the luxuriosly-upholstered landau, she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army inductees.
one less should n't matter to him".
satisfied at last, and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts, she opened the window and called to her liveried driver.
she munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green, somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck.
she said with intense feeling:" come near, let me feel your arms.
she was a top horsewoman and one of the city 's most gracious hostesses.
shy, actually, he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields, in carriages and in boathouses.
the coachman said softly.
the dance was of Haitian origin.
the drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda, a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds.
the haughty white girl turned to a distinguished, hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured:" look at your watch, Col& Garvier.
the slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name.
the slender, handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves.
the tall coachman walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur.
the white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30, who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows.
the woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection.
the woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor.
the youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman.
then he smiled shyly.
there 's $600 in gold in this chamois sack.
this was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling, shaggy eyebrows.
this young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near.
you are forgetting your place".
you look quite strong and healthy to me, Dandy".
" < Ah > -ah"!
" I 'm just a poor ex-jazz man, name of- uh- Boyd Smith".
" I vowed to take care of you- and that's what I 'm gon na do.
" and you know- you 're < right"!
" come sit", he repeated, motioning to the piled hay bags, over the pig leavings.
" come sit", said Feathertop, motioning them toward him.
" none of that.
" now stay with me, Kitty", he snapped irritably.
" now that is a very nice, a very nice", he murmured to himself, back in his corner.
" oooo, square bit", Feathertop screwed his face up.
" that ai n't your name, Mister", the boy accused.
" that crap is softer over here".
" the accommodations may not be the poshest, but man!
" we made it, Cappy", the chick said.
" we- we eloped", Cappy said.
" well, congratulations".
" what is with this < vow > jazz"?
" yeah, seems so, do n't it", the boy laughed, hugging her close.
## THE FREIGHT CAR WAS COLD, early in the morning.
< Zingggg-O!
< that > was gon na be fun collecting!
> then the boy straight-armed himself up, twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting.
Feathertop inquired, lounging against the freight 's vibrating wall.
Feathertop interrupted, standing up, brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants.
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand.
Feathertop was a connoisseur.
a little thing, but the right twist for the action that counted.
a poet, yet!
and besides, the chick had a little something the others did n't have.
at first gratingly, caught by grains of corn- then with a clash into its slot.
but < no > where!
but not just yet.
curly hair, high cheekbones, wide gnomelike mouth, a pair of drummer's blocky hands, and a body that said well, maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes- but then I 'm finished.
ever since all that.
ever since the hooch, and the trouble with the Quartet, and Midge and the child.
hair like a morning-frightened sparrow's wings, with the sun shining down over them.
he grinned at them wolfishly.
he had been conning the freights for a long, long time now.
he held his elbows away from his body, and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly.
he held the black plastic kazoo lightly.
he liked to savor his meat before he tasted it.
he was big, and filthy, and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes.
he was less to see, but Feathertop took him in, too, just to keep the records straight.
he was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay sacks, the rattling and tinning of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his ocarina.
he was- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own- riding the dark train out.
his head came up and he said it defiantly.
his thoughts for the swanlike neck, the full, high breasts, the slim waist, and the long legs were less than poetic, however.
hot, that was the word, hot!
it had been a very long time that had no form and no end.
out and out and never to return again.
she pulled her legs up under her, to rise, her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs, and Feathertop's music < pffft > -ed away.
that was the day it ended.
the boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor.
the boy yanked her back hard, tugging her off her feet, and gathered her into the crook of his arm.
the girl smiled, and started forward.
the train slowed at a road crossing, and the big door slid open;
there ai n't nobody askin' for your ticket stub, neither".
these two were going to be easy pickins.
they could n't have much dough, but then < none > of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much.
they whirled and saw him, standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall.
this guy was strictly from Outsville.
till one day the last freight had been jumped, the last pint had been killed, the last beat had been rapped.
we do n't know this guy".
we run a respectable house here".
" I did n't know I was gon na have company in this car".
" maybe you and me will, girlie, but these two ai n't goin' nowhere".
" no, I do n't think so", said the big man, and it was the final clincher for Ernie.
" oh he was stupid, her old man!
" sure", he said, and lifted the pint to his own lips.
" wann a drink"?
" we 're going to Philadelphia", Kitty said, pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more.
" well, now", he said, and reached into his pocket.
" what 's the matter"?
" yeah.
" you gon na give me a drink, fella"?
< oh crap!
< road gang >, Ernie thought.
> he fisted the knife overhand, and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat.
> he thought, < Pull out of it, old son.
> the newcomer stalked toward them, and Kitty shied back, her hand to her mouth.
Cappy raged at himself.
Ernie hesitated a moment.
Ernie nodded.
Ernie offered, taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket.
Ernie stared at the man.
Ernie was screaming inside himself: < no, damn you, you ai n't gon na take my meal ticket away from me!
Ernie's eyebrows went up.
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white.
a time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out.
and carried him backward in a footballer's tackle.
but that had been a time before all this, a time he did n't think about.
but these kids were n't like him.
do something"!
from the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside, as the train had slowed on the grade.
he advanced on them, and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car.
he belched again, and opening his eyes, threw the bottle out the open door.
he guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder.
he had suspected this guy was trouble, and now he was sure of it.
he held the knife aloft an instant- an instant enough to press the stud.
he remembered Midge, and the child.
he threw his head back, closed his eyes, and belched ferociously.
he took the bottle with undue belligerence, and making sucking noises with his thick lips, drained it completely.
he was big.
help him!
her scream split up the silence of the car, accompanied by the rattling of the freight, and then Cappy came off the floor, his legs driving him hard.
if I 'd been careful it never woulda"- he stopped abruptly.
now forget all this other >.
now that you offer".
real big, with shoulders out to here, and hair all over him like a grizzly.
she grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked," Help him!
the Old Man was unimportant.
the answer came from the open door of the boxcar.
the big man asked again, taking a step into the boxcar.
the blade came out with a < snick!
the fist went down into the pile of flesh, and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go," Aaawww"!
the girl still did not raise her eyes, but she added simply," I 'm pregnant".
the kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump!
the kid showed for an instant, and his arm was cocked back.
the man stalked toward them, his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring.
then they were tumbling again, and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier, and came up with a vicious switchblade.
these are just another couple of characters to roll.
they neither liked nor disliked the Old Man.
they went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but flailing arms and legs.
this character could break him in half.
this was a slightly different matter.
to them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass, and at noon, and at six each evening- its tone, repetitive, monotonous, never breaking the boredom of the streets.
what they got, you get.
you never heard nothin' like it: Kitty's gon na go have an abortion, and Kitty's gon na go away to a convent, and Kitty 's this and Kitty's that **h like he was nuts or somethin', y' know"?
" Christ sake, goat, git"!
" Laura, what would you say if I smoked a pipe"?
" hey, Laura"!
" she 's in a mood", he thought" There 's not a month she does n't get herself in a mood".
" you 're boiling milk, ai n't you"?
#2# The Old Man's son threw himself down, belly first, upon a concrete step, taking in the coolness of it, and dreaming of the day he would be rich.
Laura did not answer him.
Pompeii called again," Laura"!
Pompeii expected Romeo's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground.
Pompeii rolled over.
above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud.
above the tongue, an aged yellow eye, sallow and time-cast, encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin, stared unfalteringly at him.
all the while she sat there, her sinewy arms swirled before her chest.
and as for his pipe, if he wanted to smoke one, nobody would stop him.
and the forked tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch.
at fifteen he did n't care that he had no mother, that he could n't remember her face or her touch;
but the boy could see only the goat's belly.
but the goat would not.
but the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it.
even though the boy could not see them, he knew they were clouded by distance.
he called to his sister on the porch above the steps.
he could do that when he would be a man.
he expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy, and her shrill, impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything.
he knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe, the neatest ones to Concetta, and the laced ones to Romeo, Concetta's idiot brother.
he knew it was there, knew also what it was about, but he would n't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dog 's back.
he was determined to hold out.
he was holding out for something.
he was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage, and he could n't have cared less about that either.
he was never sure they fully took him in.
he would not be like the" rich Americans" who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park.
he would not carry a brief case.
he would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning.
he would order her to bring coffee, and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff- he would not remove his gloves- and light and smoke.
he would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running, bowing with her running, calling out in her bowing," At your service".
he would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step.
her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii.
her tanned foot, whose arch swept high and white, pointed artfully toward tapering toes- toes like fingers, whose tips glowed white.
his head undulated gradually, covering space, to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats.
in the meantime, six sandals, stained an ocher, the same color as Pompeii 's shaved hair, edged up close to him.
it was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours.
it was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself, but it was not yet time to pay the price.
its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane.
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him.
nor would he work at all.
not even Laura.
one lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking, torn pales.
people came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it.
she leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence, brushing and drying her wet, gilded hair in the sun.
she was only ten months older than he.
soothing it with his hand, knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch.
suddenly he was interrupted in his daydreaming by a warm wetness lapping against his chin, and his eyes opened wide and long at the sight of a goat's claret tongue, feasting against the salt taste of him.
the Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him, sensing something portentous in it.
the Old Man silently fed upon these streets.
the boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player, pressing and pulling, delighting in what he did.
the clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew, so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks.
the eyes, blue and always somewhat downcast, possessed a sullen quality.
there would be time enough, perhaps the Old Man reassured himself, to pay the devil his due.
they kept him alive, waiting.
time enough to give up his soul.
to him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep.
waiting for what and for whom, only he could tell and would not.
well, what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about?
when he would be a man, he would be a rich man.
with his mouth opened wide, he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light, earthy taste of it.
" < Hurry >, Frank!
" < What > pictures"?
" I know you when you start talking about brains and talent", Maggie said.
" in Brace's room!
" it was plain as the nose on your face that they' re laughing about it, Mamma.
" let me stay and take the pictures you wanted, Mamma.
" plenty of people are poor all their lives".
" plenty of people have n't our brains and talent".
" the only thing that worries me is how I 'm going to prove it", Eugenia said.
" thrifty of her to use it up.
" we will < both > go back, Laban"!
" you 're working up to something, and if you do n't watch out you 'll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the Abernathy family is superior to everything, even a depression".
" you said a mouthful", Eugenia said grimly.
< she 's married that tenant!
> did n't you read it?
> why should I want pictures of an empty room now?
>"" I read it, yes.
Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything, and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin.
Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way, but Hope said if Grandma would n't have the heater nobody would have it, so Grandma had to give in.
Frank followed her into the bedroom, hooked her dress up the back.
Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days, and it was the way people ought to live, only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to.
I 'm not going back"-" Indeed you < are!
I < drove > him away.
Kizzie turned to go inside.
Laban had more to say.
Tolley 's going is < my > fault.
Tolley had gone to live in California.
Tolley had no idea of marrying that sneaky little Jenny!
Zion stayed to get my pin, but it' ll be a cold day in June when I go back".
about keeping warm, about keeping well, about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once, twice, fifty times a day.
all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow, but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done.
and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay.
cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up, under doors, around loosened window frames, from the sleeping porches, the attic, from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof.
he 'd mentioned it, himself, at church and everybody seemed to have the idea that Tolley had left because Jenny had jilted him for < Roy robards >.
he kissed her.
hope would n't hear of it, and she took the heater back to Grandma's room, and Grandma took it back to Hope's room, and the two of them dragged it back and forth until Grandma tipped it over and almost set her bedspread on fire.
it was so cold and so wretched that a sort of desperate gaiety infected all of them, like people stormbound or shipwrecked or caught in some other freak of circumstance so that time stood still and minor anxieties fell away and the only important thing was to cling together and survive.
it was the theme song of millions of American people, their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government.
just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe, and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster.
presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen, which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed, and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandma's room.
she did n't want to be the only one with a stove in her room, especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway, and she insisted that Hope have the heater.
she said that proved she was n't to be trusted with a fire in her room, and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it.
she said to Maggie that it was one thing to meet an emergency and another to wallow in it, and it was beginning to look at if this one was going to last forever.
she swung around.
she was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
shivering, people talked and argued;
something had to be done about the furnace, the fuel bills, the washing machine, the doctor and dentist bills, about making money stretch for food, for the mortgage, for taxes, for shoes, for half soles, for overshoes, for clothes, for the new leaks in the roof, for gas and light bills;
something had to be done.
something had to be done;
the Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths, and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold.
the Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day.
the government offices were being opened but they were n't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything.
the pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms.
the sun's right"-" Pictures"?
they begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her, but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out, and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way.
they lived mainly in the kitchen;
they moved Maggie's bed and the baby's basket there, and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds.
they' re not going to laugh at the Fairbrothers and Labans very long!
this ought to simplify Tolley's life".
this- trip of his had nothing to do with her consorting with tenants, and I am going to see that everybody at Mt& Pleasant understands that simple fact.
unusual in a case like this, but"-" You can < joke!
wait for me, Laban, I 'll be dressed in half a second"!
you < told > me to bring my camera.
you know it and I 'll tell < everybody > exactly how it happened".
" < Do n't you dare!
" < Why do n't you name him Jesus Christ!
" a < swell > party, send an invite to < ever 'body > but them- those folks you met at the Galt House, the ones I 've got to know in this new Jockey Club affair, the whole dang neighborhood.
" have a party an' leave 'em out, hon", he suggested.
" he must have forgiven me", Henrietta murmured to the room.
" see for yourself, Miss Zion.
" them 's the purtiest babes you ever did see, but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome.
" why of course not", Zion said uncomfortably.
< there > was an idea.
>" Miss Jen was funny that way, funny that she did n't seem to take to his ideas and perk up.
>" She burst into tears.
Adelia was the good one, or, if not always good, less frequently tempted.
Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman.
Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come.
Henrietta thought, It's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us.
I 'll see word gets round".
Mama had died before the corruption of the family circle, the interruption of Charles.
Mama was vulnerable;
Miss Kiz will n't care your comin', will she"?
Miss Kizzie had been right snippy ever since they were married, though you 'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round.
Roy smiled- he < did > have a nice smile- took off his hat most politely, told her to hop in, and he 'd give her a lift to Quinzaine.
Roy was deeply distressed.
Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town.
but I would have gone anyway, thought Henrietta.
but when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call, Miss Kiz could n't have been very cordial, for she 'd come back before she hardly had time to get there.
handsomest colt in all Kentucky.
he 'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been.
he did n't tell Miss Jen, but she must have got word from the cook or nurse, who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs, and she really took a fit.
he had a good idea why not.
he swung in through his own wide gateway.
he was downright worried about her, but there was one more thing he could try **h.
her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he did n't notice it, as she settled herself, asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on.
if Adelia had felt about someone as Henrietta felt about Charles, would she have run away with him?
if he < ever > did such a thing again she 'd die of shame.
impossible to imagine Adelia feeling so about anyone.
in winter, in the city, there had been the Maneret School, which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge;
it made him pretty hot under the collar, after the idea Miss Sis had given him, to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer < and next >, if you please, and that much as she regretted it, they would be unable to entertain Mrs& Robards and the children.
it was safe to assume that Papa, sighing heavily, had said many times to his remaining daughter," Thank God your poor mother was spared this", and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave, with her hand in Charles' hand, just because her" poor mother" was gone already and would never know.
it will n't take a minute".
just wait till she saw the Mare's foal.
more and more, these days, she 'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her, over to Tillie's and Nick 's- his own old square frame box on posts, chickens and cats and pups under the house, everybody friendly inside, making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies.
of course she was n't herself right now, but as her strength came back her spirits did n't seem to rise with it.
oh, she 'd come to see them once, left silver teething rings for all of the trips.
one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her.
only at this moment- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed- she found herself examining how others might regard her.
perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel.
perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice.
she 'll relish the sight of a friendly face.
she found herself wishing an old wish, that she had told Doaty she was running away, that she had left something more behind her than the loving, sorry note and her best garnet pin.
she had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice.
she hoped they were well.
she turned on her side, finding the idea oppressive.
so had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw, full of criticisms about the changes here, giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year, saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather, was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer.
strong too, up on his legs when he was an hour old.
the absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that;
their childhood would have been quite circumspect without Hetty's flair for drama, especially through the long summers.
there had been lessons in French from a small Polish nobleman with a really profound distaste for his pupils;
there had been more to know about Hetty, inevitably, and most of it unfavorable.
there had been supper parties and teas, fetes and little balls, Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular, enormously possessive, the sun around which the Blackwell planets revolved.
there had been the dancing class- Miss Craddock, thin and tireless, with her supervising wand and her everlasting < one > -two-three, < one > -two-three.
those elegant" At Home" cards she sent out, now she could wear her pretty clothes again, and had the house all trimmed up, had n't brought many callers in two whole months.
though he was glad she got on well with his young folks, she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land, too.
we 'll have oystchers- couple bar 'l oystchers 'll fetch in a crowd any time.
what about Royal Robards?
" God rest her soul, she was a sweet one.
" come on, do.
" he 's got this idea about drying out **h"" It ai n't an idea"!
" he 's owly today", his grand-daughter said wearily, and bent to pick it up.
" if it ai n't an idea", she said," how comes it you can drink beer but not water"?
" milk and sops"!
" not me.
" probably", said Henrietta dryly.
" to the graveyard.
" y' r dam' porridge is no breakfast", he said.
" you 'd be the one to say", he observed, and she found herself liking his approval none too well, but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were" different", since all actions had their own laws.
" you 've not had your breakfast yet, gran 'dad".
Henrietta looked down at her bouquet, still lively with its color and scent, and set her feet on their journey's way again, leaving the village street and crossing the first field, Folly dancing ahead of her.
Henrietta nodded.
I 've got a day's work to do.- You 'll be visiting Miss Doaty, ma 'am"?
Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunate occasions.
Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward.
Tommy was interested in psychiatry, because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients.
a pitiful few of them are left now, to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants, which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians.
a small, rock-carved angel watched her from a nearby tomb, the only angel in the cemetery.
all their men were bearded, and many of their women were beautiful.
any harm in that"?
anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors.
apparently they were of Caucasian blood.
at present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore, because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours.
at the edge of the field, the wild rolling land took over, dotted with fat round bushes like sheep.
both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named" Dorothy Tredding" seemed suddenly impossible.
come on now".
he beat the air with his stick, and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones.
he gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly.
he looked piously to heaven and said," Beer do n't affect the tissues none", and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence.
he mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house, shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength.
her mouth, soft and full, was something for any man to dream about.
her nose was higher of bridge, her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn, and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong.
his grand-daughter sighed.
how much they knew about her!
it was an alien land, and she hated it intensely;
man in a boat, there 's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit.
most of them have been assimilated, but sometimes a man in Miyagi or Akita prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese, and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely, her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South.
only, this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure.
she felt mindless, walking, and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery, and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty.
she had been in Japan just one week.
she had black eyes, long and intriguingly tilted, and the way she walked was melody.
she had come to make her peace with the past, and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow.
she put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up, patiently, with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old.
she remembered, suddenly, a night of savage moonlight and scudding clouds when she and Adelia, having dared each other, had stolen out of their great safe house and come here, hand in hand, hoping and fearing ghosts.
she sat down on the nearest, fallen with age and gray with sea-damp, her fingers tracing the indecipherable carved letters padded with green moss.
she smiled vaguely at Henrietta and spoke to the old man.
she started to move away, just as a woman came out of the cottage, a big-boned, drab-haired figure with a clean apron tied over her limp print dress.
she was already considering putting in rebellious requests for duty at San Diego, Bremerton, the Great Lakes, Pensacola- any place the Navy had a hospital- with a threat to resign her commission if the request were not granted.
she was taller than most Japanese girls, and had the exquisitely willowy form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall.
the Ainus were a primitive people, already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia.
the Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture, in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu, where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain.
the air was full of sounds too but placid ones, a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky.
the children are eating, and Miss Blackwell 's on her way somewheres".
the day's sun was gathering its strength in gold, and she wished she had brought her parasol, if only to shade Doaty's flowers.
the woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm, watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own.
there was a gabble of voices from indoors, young hungry sounds like cats after fish, and a burst of swearing from the old man.
there was nothing wrong with her job.
there were no depressingly serious cases: the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage- but mental health as a rule was very high.
they had white skins and blue eyes;
they were covered with tiny white blossoms, their scant roots clawing at the stony ground, and wild birds darted in and about and through them so they were nearly alive with the rustle and cry.
well, she had not come back to Great Island to be understood, praised or condemned.
who ai n't"?
" I 'll be there, but I 'll walk", Doc said.
" I 've got to run an errand on the way.
" I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes".
" come over and have a drink.
" hi, Buzz", Owen said.
" thanks", Owen said," but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen".
" tough", Buzz said," Listen, we 're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday.
" well, Doc, you old sonofabitch"!
" you missed it", Buzz's voice said," You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us.
# Doc Doolittle 's scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing, because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature, and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report.
Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the < Bustard > left Subic.
I could, he thought, take a long walk- but where?
Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his, but he had n't come to Reno for stag dinners.
Tommy, of course, had never heard of a kotowaza, or Japanese proverb, which says," Tanin yori miuchi", and is literally translated as" Relatives are better than strangers".
Whitey exclaimed, with true affection.
a telephone line had been hooked up to connect the ship with the Base exchange.
actually, all a man in uniform has to do is to get by.
actually, this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water.
after supper, Doc called Whitey Gresham, who was now a lieutenant and had a family.
and tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown.
and, still, they did not have to be so crude in their approach **h.
at Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry, being thoughtful, knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base.
back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda, and sulked.
but the beer hall riot in Subic had been unusual, too, and Walt Perry was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in rabble rousing.
buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest.
eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion.
grab a taxi".
he considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk.
he had come into the Navy too young, with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby before him.
he laughed and laughed.
he may not rise to the heights, but he can get by, and eventually be retired.
he remained young at heart, with an overdeveloped sense of humor.
he threw a smart salute at the gangway, went up the dock, and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers' Club.
he was doing thirty years, and the Navy would take care of him.
he wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men, took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride, and gave no thought for tomorrow.
how, he wondered, does one enjoy one's spare time?
imagine a stag dinner with Toodle Williams".
in his opinion, Doc had not grown up.
it was all true.
it was terribly off key, and poorly done, and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing, but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon.
just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer did n't know.
now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar.
perhaps a packing trip into the Sierras, let his beard grow- but that was too stark.
perhaps golf, with a fashionable companion- but he 'd lost his clubs, had n't played in years.
see you in about an hour".
she certainly looked Japanese, and perhaps she could not really blame the young men.
she finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check;
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated.
she promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen, on the island of Oyajima- which was not very far from Yokusuka.
strippers, but scrumptious, and Toodle Williams and her all-lesbian band".
the job security enjoyed by Doc Doolittle, and nearly all members of the Armed Forces, is a wonderful thing.
the lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief.
the telephone rang.
the war found him much too early, and its perils- and especially its awful boredom- were best forgotten in horseplay and elaborate practical jokes, and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing, sobering influence.
then there was exercise, boating and hiking, which was not only good for you but also made you more virile: the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted.
then, after a while, she went to her mirror.
there had never been a good reason for Doc Doolittle to grow up.
there was a letter to write to her mother, and she tried to make its tone cheerful.
there was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel, but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog.
there were two things he wanted to do: inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base, and visit an old shipmate.
this deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong, but he told Boats McCafferty that Hong Kong was a book he had read before, and the Navy would always bring him there again, some day.
this gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment, and suited him quite well.
we live down by the Base commissary.
wow.
" I 'm just logging", the cowboy explained.
" I have no card", she said bitterly.
" I keep all these plays in this little black book, and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating.
" I wonder if they did eat each other at the end", Owen mused.
" leave a card or something.
" nice to know you.
" probably down at the bar.
" well, of course I do.
" what are you playing"?
" what you need is a steady martingale", the cowboy announced after watching Owen play.
" you can n't build on your hit-and-miss five-seventeen".
" you have n't been listening to what I 've been telling you.
I 'll think it over".
I 'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack.
I 'm with the Bar- H, pushing a horse called Sparky.
I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going, I 'll land him on TV- you know, one of those favorite horses for some Western hero.
I once trained a horse for Hoot Gibson, but nothing like Sparky.
I only hope my talking to you has helped you a little, anyway, because you need spiritual bucking-up".
Owen asked.
Owen was surprised to see Mrs& Gertrude Parker playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance.
a dried-up cowboy sat down next to him in the blonde's place.
all, of course, except the Donner party who were bent on starving to death.
although it was only three o'clock, he stopped in at the Golden Calf.
but roulette 's not my game.
but what do you want to do about the lay-sisters?
can n't you help them"?
do n't you have to spend any time on your ranch"?
five came up while Owen was listening to The Wrangler and he neglected to play, a loss of ten dollars.
he 's a pinto and he photographs wonderfully".
he 's my own horse, and what I collect from him I use on blackjack.
he ate breakfast in a sullen mood, but afterwards, when he walked out onto Virginia Street, he felt braced.
he felt suddenly elated, adventurous.
he heard her knocking on another door.
he looked off to the crest of the Sierras, still white-topped;
he sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde, but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes.
he showered, shaved, dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast.
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction.
he was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables.
his adventurous spirit had waned;
his lawyer had sent him a statement on his overdue alimony, and there was a letter from the Collector of Internal Revenue asking him to stop in his office and explain last year's exemptions.
incidentally, I 'm pretty famous in these parts: I 'm called The Wrangler".
it took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself;
just to test himself, he played roulette for quarters on his old combination, five and seventeen, and within an hour, he had won, surprisingly, twenty dollars.
on the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail.
she looked crestfallen, as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race.
she sat down and played two slots at once, looking grim, as if bested by mechanical devices, and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support.
she sighed a dirty word and left.
she stood indecisively for a moment, then walked down the hall;
the Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon.
the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle.
the mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons, who appeared much more animated than the gamblers.
the tables were all spinning, the dice rattling, the bar crowded.
the way was opening up;
the women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance, while the men were stern but hopeful.
then he realized he was hungry.
there was a check from his company, and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued.
there were more women than men in the place, but he could n't find a flowerpot.
they all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming, who automatically turned the cards, hardly caring what showed up.
they must be freezing up there now.
this Sparky can rack and single-foot and he 's the fastest thing in Washoe County.
this proved conclusively that The Wrangler was a jinx, so he walked on down to Hurrays, an even more glorified gambling den than the Golden Calf.
when he looked in the back, Mrs& Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards.
when the management brought around champagne, the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach.
with any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot.
" of course, I agree with the Captain", Gansevoort said thoughtfully," but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate.
" small violently jerked the weather-royal brace with full intention to carry away the mast.
" that is extravagant language, Mr& Wales.
" there is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners.
" under arms day and night, watch and watch about.
" we are going to bring the < Somers > into New York harbor safe and sound".
" we ourselves must stand sentinel".
" well", Heiser ventured," why do n't we hold an investigation with questioning and"-" That would be worse than useless", Alexander broke in.
Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander's side.
Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil, thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed.
Alexander said.
Gansevoort said," It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely.
God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired, for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career.
I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell.
I swear it, sir".
Spencer's potential followers were openly sullen and morose, missing muster without excuse, expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons, communicating with the three by glance and signal.
Tillotson had reported the man to Gansevoort and an hour later, with back turned, had been attacked by Wilson, brandishing the weapon.
Wales said," Of course they would.
Wilson, shackled and snarling, was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green, McKee and McKinley.
a great deal of labor we have as well, for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed".
all that is needed is for one man to feel self-confident enough to take the lead.
and Alexander sobbed like a girl for the dreams he had had, and he felt no shame.
and after a while, he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity.
and it was clear that Adrien was not mistaken, for both Small and Cromwell took no step toward aiding in the sending up of the new topgallant mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey.
and we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many".
and when he did, when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor, he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul.
and when he was alone again in the cabin, Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept, for he knew full well what must be done, what in the end would be done.
another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist.
anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand".
as soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer, we are going to be rushed.
besides, suppose we hold a court of inquiry, then what?
dear God, at what a price.
do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now"?
from actions aboard, it is easy to guess that Spencer's boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate".
he bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched, too, the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction.
he paused, then added," Everything on a ship is a weapon.
he who had tried so hard, who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer.
how had he failed?
implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands.
in the tiny cabin, Alexander met with Gansevoort, Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen.
it came to him as he wept there aboard the < Somers > that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven.
it was for love that he had served the Navy.
it was given or it was not given.
mr& Heiser, does this sound like a truly workable plan to you?
not a man on the brig, loyal or villainous, could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny.
now the hope was gone.
one did one's best and if fortune frowned, an eighteen-year-old boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard one's ship.
one did one's best and if fortune smiled, there was a reward.
one of the missing handspikes came out of its hiding place after Midshipman Tillotson had been insolently disobeyed by Seaman Wilson.
the instinct of discipline has been lost.
their strategy was sound enough and, he reasoned, had been defeated only by Philip Spencer's unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated.
then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States, they will be punished but that in the meanwhile, they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order.
then, with disappointment evident upon their faces, they moved to the work.
they are about to do so at any moment as it is.
those of us present, the Perry brothers, Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the < Somers >.
three days had passed since Spencer's arrest and each day had brought new dangers, new fears.
to have someday that love returned was what he had lived for.
to have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed.
we are going to be rushed and murdered".
we are not going to be rushed and murdered", Alexander said.
when the mast was raised, Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest, and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the < Somers >.
where had he failed?
with all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws.
yes, he would bring the < Somers > safely into New York harbor but at a price.
" all day", she said.
" does this bother you"?
" except for Shabbat, when they are praying all day".
" most of our Sabras think it 's horrible.
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair.
I did n't look at him.
I grinned at Rachel.
I reached into the pocket of my skirt, fingered ten pruta, and dropped the coin.
I rubbed my hands together.
I said," How long do they keep that up"?
I said.
I shuddered and backed out of the room.
I stared at him for a long time.
I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside Rachel.
I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were bare-armed, but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor.
Rachel followed, looked at me, and clucked with her tongue.
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings.
Rachel said," He asks for money".
Rachel talked to him.
an old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat, baggy trousers, and a black skullcap greeted us.
each boy opened his small mouth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and great-grandfather had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe.
from behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer.
he did not return my interest.
he glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish.
he left us.
he nodded, clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch, and flicked glances at me.
he stopped in front of a door, placed a finger on his lips, and, still peering down into his beard, pushed open the door to a classroom.
he thanked me.
he turned his surly, half-closed eyes toward us, stared for a second, then shouted in Yiddish," One, two, three"!
his black beard dripped down over the front of his coat.
his body pitched back and forth on the bench.
his front teeth were missing.
his head barely rose above the table.
his tightly curled < paot > hung down to his narrow shoulders.
his toes pointed out toward the walls.
in the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap.
little boys crowded together on long wooden benches, and in the center of the room sat the teacher.
my eyes traveled over the bare walls and up to the one partially open window high above the little figures and back to the boys.
one boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles.
one white hand poised a stick above his desk.
rapping the stick against the desk.
she led me into a twisting side alley.
she passed by him.
she smiled to herself.
since they did not glance curiously at us once, I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction.
some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago.
the boys were tiny.
the dirty, discolored buildings looked boarded up, and their few windows stood high above our heads.
the guttural language from the ghetto stopped.
the little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses, which they had previously chanted in Hebrew.
the old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps.
the tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake.
the teacher plunged the children into a new portion, this time in Hebrew, rapping the stick incessantly.
then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man.
they bent over yellowed prayerbooks and looked up only to watch the teacher.
they chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick.
they had large bright eyes, the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere, and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of < paot > framing their little white faces.
they had turned numb and prickly in the classroom.
they said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah".
they singsonged the portion at the teacher, who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick.
we entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor.
we stepped inside.
we walked down the cool hall silently.
when we were fighting, a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass.
" I know him".
" and I 'll take you with me".
" did I see him about to swing low in a chariot?
" what did I imagine"?
" yes", I said.
< and I 'll take you with me >.
< and I 'll take you with me >.
I asked her if she would, and she said she would not.
Rachel gave me a direct, bright-eyed look.
Rachel paused.
Reuveni took her with him wherever he went.
Wednesday nights after youth fellowship.
and Gratt Shafer would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would, just like everybody knew all along.
and every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you will n't tell, a combination like ham and eggs, < rape her and kill her, > and that is being an old maid too.
and he can be on the way to Memphis, your Gratt Shafer can, and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him- < really want him > - dead.
and most of all it is not having the only man you could love, whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds, or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines, for if you < are > anybody what he < is > or < does > makes no difference if he is the < one >.
and she said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to Reuveni and accepted his proposal.
and the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice, the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain, so you knew they heard < you > when < they > were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened.
anyway, I did not see her until two weeks after the refugee hanged himself.
because if you can n't then nobody else can either, nobody else can have him.
but now he was happy she would let him straighten out her life and take care of her.
but now the dream was over.
even if that 's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give, the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it, even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe, and the whole world is telling you that < one > was a lie.
for one whole week he never let her stay alone.
for when he began to talk and dream all at the same time, making his plans as he went, she had begun dreaming too.
for you do n't share him, not even with God.
he can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini could n't figure out, how it is unlocked.
he complained to me once that I must talk to her.
he did not let her choose her own food.
he did not let her talk to people;
he had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him.
he had taken her all right.
he said she would only hurt herself.
he shouted at her and told her he loved her and could n't understand why she had upset herself.
he took her to a doctor, for she was run down, nervous, did not care where she was.
he would never let her harm herself again.
if it is love, you do n't.
it is not having his baby nestled warm and fat against your breast and it is not having somebody that really gives a damn whether some tramp cracks your skull.
it was silent in the stone alley.
just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen.
like Mattie and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth, like they all knew he would.
maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it".
no one saw her except the man Reuveni".
or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it?
or you could hope the parachute would n't open just so you could say you saw it not open, not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear, but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant, but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice:" I think I 'm pregnant".
or you could wish your daddy would really do it- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time, all along, could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night.
out of the church and into his big car, it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college, his expansiveness, the quaint little pine board tourist courts, cabins really, with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight, like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid, where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs, watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ), a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls, an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving.
she came to me one day.
she did not care.
she let him lead her around.
she said," Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee.
she thought.
she was limp and beaten from her loss;
she was pale and skinny;
she was terribly alone.
she went to the father and found he had hanged himself".
so you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights, waiting for you, for your new spectator pumps, waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt, crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off, because that is being an old maid too, if you happen to drive a car, it is changing the tire yourself in the night, and in the mud and the rain, hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help.
that had been how she imagined it.
the big waking up had happened.
the two of them against the world.
then she continued with energy," I myself did not see her until a week after she had run off to find the father.
we were sitting together, talking.
when I did, she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him.
you could wish that.
" I 'm also studying enameling with Hajime Iijima", he went on," and twice a week I go to a life class taught by Pendleton".
" I 'm studying anatomy with Burns", he replied.
" I do n't think I 've reached the point, yet, where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft.
" Osric Pendleton"?
" by yourself"?
" he 's about sixty, now.
" maybe you know him.
" my God, is he still alive?
" no, I take classes with different people", he said.
" not quite".
" painting is n't this big, you know.
" the artist is like a fragment of a mosaic- no, he is more than that, a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic.
" what do you study"?
< life > had included him in its" Modern American Artists" series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties;
Askington laughed.
Askington was a kind of goal I set myself;
Burns and I had not loved each other.
I asked.
I asked.
I had a long talk with him.
I had admired him long before I talked to him.
I had n't done a serious picture in almost a year.
I had studied with Burns ten years before, during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me, along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street.
I kept saying," If I could just build up a reputation for myself, make some < real > money, get to be well known as an illustrator- like Peter Askington, for instance- then I could take some time off and paint".
I nodded.
I said.
I wanted to paint again.
I was fascinated;
I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen, and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne 's".
ah, what a title for the exhibition: the Eye is All"!
attending the life class was my idea- or rather, Askington's idea, but I was ripe for it, and the other two would n't have gone if I had n't talked them into it.
besides, it 's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere, an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters, as Du^rer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna".
he also had, at times, an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker;
he did n't look like what I thought of as an old man, and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger.
he made a circle with his thumb and fingers.
he must be a million years old.
he teaches at the Manhattan School of Art".
he threw his arms wide, his face shining.
he was fifteen years older than I- forty-four- but full of spring and sparkle.
he was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America;
he would look right through you while you were talking to him, and if you said," For Christ's sake, Donald, you 've got Prussian blue all over your shirt", he would smile, and nod, and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well.
in the course of our talk, Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying.
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade.
it does n't embrace only the artist, alone before his easel.
it is as large as all of art, interdependent, varied, multitudinous".
it looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want, joy in his work, standing in the profession, a large and steady income.
it may have been true for all I know, because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles, but it did n't prevent the paintings from being exciting.
it was all gravy, and Donald did n't need much to live on;
it was n't just the pressure of work, although that was the excuse I often used, even to myself.
it was the kind of work I was doing, the quality of the ambition it awoke in me, that kept me from painting.
just listening to him made me feel intelligent.
like certain expensive restaurants, just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself.
mrs& Monmouth thought of him as her discovery, and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting.
none of us did.
one of these days, I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days, from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism, and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other.
still painting, still a kind of modern impressionist, beautiful canvases of mountains and farms.
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain.
the eye is all, inward or outward.
the fireplace had tiles made for Mrs& Monmouth by Picasso himself.
the night we first met, at one of Mrs& Monmouth's giant parties, he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt;
this set his tone: richness of texture and color, and another kind of richness as well, for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-off's rent for a year.
we shared the expenses of the studio, and we all lived within walking distance of it, in cheap lodgings of one kind or another.
we went into Mrs& Monmouth's library, which had low bookshelves all along the walls, and above them a Modigliani portrait, a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long, and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background, that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb.
you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month.
" if I am not to be Mrs& Salter then I am nothing".
" it was nobody's fault.
" she 's nowhere, nowhere"!
" we all feel guilty", I turned away from her coldly.
" what do you mean"?
**h hanging on and on past any man's patience **h some final stab of conclusion?
@ She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff.
Dolly Engisch was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us.
I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance, she comfortable in bed.
I could tell them, but no one ever asked, why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body.
I did my shopping, had my dentist appointment, and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar, so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon.
I did notice a twinkle of light from the big house through the woods but as I had left a light on in my own house because of the fog I assumed Mrs& Salter had done the same before she left for town.
I felt more cheerful, as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself.
I had made a habit of calling her at night from my cottage, just to check.
I knew"!
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that, restless, disturbed by this telephone call or whatever, she walked out in the night, as she had a habit of doing.
I, who until that day before had been Mrs& Salter's friend, her equal, was the servant now.
and I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life.
and after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait.
and she.
and then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast, over and over again," On the boat people liked me for myself".
and they have never changed.
and when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said," All they talked about was Harvie **h Harvie this, Harvie that **h When they know the truth will they drop away from me, will I become a nothing"?
and when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me.
at the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and pitied her, underneath this knowing had there burned unquenched by my pity a fire of hate, an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly outcry?
at the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation, but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry.
but I did n't really think it was as simple as that, nor did anyone else.
but it seemed not from what they were saying.
but the next day- Sunday.
even at a car's length I could sense that something was wrong, and so I followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house.
even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are.
everyone stared at me and drew back.
everything was as I had left it the night before last- her portfolio and bag for town, her lingerie and dress and shoes laid out **h only her mink coat was missing.
in my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her, so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it, I can understand that by now and love them still, because everyone must justify, have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne.
in the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on.
it 's so romantic up there, she used to say, with the broad river gleaming in its moontrack like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night, so poetic.
it is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own, but there it hangs, a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other.
it is not their avoidance that rankles;
it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family, and therefore of mine, and they nod to me so coolly and walk away, that it hurts.
it was Dolly and Mrs& Thaxter who were calling Via, everybody.
it was foggy that evening, but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way, accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days.
no, I forget Mrs& Mathias, who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened.
or what was it that, before Via, Sonny, Walter and all, I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out," I knew she 'd do it!
prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember, and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove, absent itself, unsee.
she haunted me;
she overplayed her hand".
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs& Salter to return to the country.
she screamed, and both women ran up to the house, and I followed.
sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs& Salter said that could have been a sign to me.
sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff.
that at last the vigilance, the will gives way?
the last night I had called, but the line was always busy and it reassured me.
the search began, in all the rooms, running upstairs, down, opening closets, talking, exclaiming in rushes and gasps.
their eyes turned cold and accusing, even Via's.
then the telephoning began.
then was it a final desperate plea from her, to whom?
was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks?
was that what had given way in me?
when I came back from church at noon Mrs& Thaxter was turning into the Salter driveway.
when a fisherman brought her up in his arms, still, small, as if she were a child asleep, I began to shudder with a terrible excitement, almost triumphant, that I still cannot account for.
why did n't that alarm me then?
why, when I drove down to church, did n't it speak to me, seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear?
with all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock, a misstep.
with this movie-to-be in London, and new faces about her there, she would soon be a more tranquil, a wiser person, all the better for her stay out here.
" Carla, wake up", he said shaking her.
" I 'll get an elegant pair of thin-soled Italian shoes tomorrow, Carla".
" I do n't mind at all", he said, delighted with her attention.
" I think I 'll sleep in this morning", she said drowsily, and as she snuggled against him, he wondered if she ever went to church.
" Sam, no one around here wears such heavy soles.
" and I do n't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit", she said, making a face.
" are those the only shoes you have, Sam"?
" come on, you 'll be late".
" it 's ten o'clock.
" let 's go out".
" maybe I could", he said, surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him.
" nothing.
" oh, Sam.
" the heavy thick soles.
" there 's a church you should see", she said.
" they' re an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot.
" uhhu", she muttered.
" what 's the matter with it"?
" what 's the matter with them"?
" what 's the matter"?
I like them".
all evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself.
and in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing.
and when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face, not letting on he had been there with Alberto.
are n't you going out to mass?
as for himself, he just did n't have the temperament for it.
being a woman though, she would take only what she needed from church.
but it was a hopeful sign, he told himself.
can n't you get another pair"?
can n't you wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged"?
changing his clothes, he put on his dark-blue flannel suit, and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good.
could he honestly believe it would be good for Carla to have those old prophets gripping her imagination now?
from the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know.
he had never heard so many bells, and as he lay there listening, he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps.
he had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street.
he let her tell him all about the church.
he straightened up, ready to vent his exasperation, then grew afraid.
he wondered **h Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security.
if he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her, and without the respect he might lose his view of her, too.
it was a good thing that she clung to her religion, he thought.
it was too bad he had no feeling himself for church.
it was too bad he was n't a Catholic himself.
it would be good for her.
just figures out of a tribal folklore.
look at them".
not his poor mother's fault.
nothing at all", he said quietly.
or a Protestant, or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists, or a strict orthodox Communist.
she asked suddenly.
she had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days.
she might like to take him to St& Peter's.
she no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli.
she would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible.
that day they loafed around, just getting the feel of the city.
then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
then they had dinner.
then they took a taxi to Trastevere.
they looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto, then they went to the Farnese Gardens.
what was the matter with him that they all wearied him?
when they got home at midnight she was tired out.
why did he want her to go to church?
would he have to clean up after her every day, clean the kitchen, the bathroom, and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor, then hang up her dresses, pick up her stockings, make the bed while she lay around?
you could take me to St& Peter's".
you look like a tweedy Englishman.
" a pack of dogs makes less noise"!
" get into your hovel"!
" go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women.
" go back to your lodges"!
" go take < helsq 'iyokom, > your evil spirit, to the young boys", the woman said.
" they do not have to face battle.
" you bring only wickedness", she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal.
**h sssshoo"!
I thought I dreamed of wolves fighting".
I will be the one to confront my daughter, not the wife of him who leads her to sin"!
I will not let your evil in.
I will simply kill you first.
I will tell you to go, not begging.
and Early Spring seized the whip and said:" if you must flog someone, let it be her, your daughter.
and it was not Pile of Clouds she meant.
and unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge, holding the knife at her side.
and, shoving her against a spruce, her back to him, he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air, shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked, settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged, as dark and motionless as ever, her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face.
but do not dream.
but now with real anger at last, something proud and indignant, Early Spring stood like a she wolf before her den and cried," I will not shriek at you!
but one night Dookiyoon moved in the direction of the women's lodge, where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself.
but she did not move, taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came howling among them, swinging a great bullhide whip.
but she heard him go.
but she went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness, smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote.
but the girl said only," Tell him I am here, that I have come".
but the old man turned on her, jerking the whip from her hand.
do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain".
drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband"!
early Spring came from her bed, from beside her half-drunk husband, Walitzee, and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion, the sound of hushed voices.
elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited, the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small, curious clusters.
even he, wanting her, afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit, feared the evil presences in her metabolism more.
go back where you can bring no harm, or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame"!
going, he saw as often before some queer, hideous yellow face over his head, shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs.
he cried out to her, his back turned.
he made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming, some tripping over themselves in their flight.
he sank back, sighing, and was soon asleep again.
he saw her emerge suddenly, coming in her unhesitant fashion, her back stiff, her head erect, facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter, as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach.
he shouted.
he spat.
his breath caught, and, trembling, he closed his eyes and stumbled off.
in her dark, scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination, afraid of nothing, not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding.
is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me?
keep him back, if you must tell me what to do.
lie back and go to sleep.
now go"!
outside, the old man, beyond all the curses of the spirits his daughter bore, went to her and twisted the gnarled talons of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her rudely ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms.
seeing her come, he caught his breath, feeling his heart bounce in him, and turned away, afraid now.
she felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning, like," unnnt!
she retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred, mumbling, sitting up in a half stupor to say:" what worrisome thing happens?
she said to him, her father," How was I begotten, in pain or joy?
she said," There is nothing that concerns you here.
she stared at the pale tracings on the tree, hearing her breath refracted from it, her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark.
speaking in a low voice of loathing she went up to the girl, who stood with the same upright, scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife.
standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge, silent, almost imperious, her body taut, simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited, perhaps denying the dread that moved in her.
telling you"!
the other women had come close now, their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot, their threats mingling, rising, nagging at each other, each trying to make her indignation and anger felt.
the sounds of an animal in rage and despair.
the sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs.
then he fled, not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry.
they all know your foolish name"!
they picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl.
they were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought.
when at last she could suffer the insult no longer, nor face the girl's scorn, she said in a voice overloud:" I shall call your father!
with the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips, making it whisper.
yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly, her neck tall as she looked in his direction, and continued on her way toward the end of the camp.
" Uncle George"!
" father, is that you"?
" gosh!
" i- I was just leaving here, Julie **h.
" is that you, Father?
#CHAPTER 7# George Rawlings remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night- Millie, in a white robe, standing like a ghost at the threshold.
**h Who 's there"?
Alex Poldowski- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman.
George did not reply.
I wish I were older or younger, Julia Bentley thought.
I wish he was with me now, she thought, and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment.
I wish so much someone < loved > me.
Millie would have to understand.
Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
a fearful pain had come from his head, as if the water were coursing up through the blood vessels and expanding them **h.
a plane up in the sky, above the clouds, and this freakish wreck of a man desperately trying to get away.
a quarter to seven.
and there were his shoes, thank God, but his shirt was one terrible mess.
at least Alex had told him he was n't dying.
below him, as if at the end of some remote tunnel, he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner.
but of course the impossible effort of leaving would have to be made on this Monday morning.
for a moment he felt like a thief discovered.
he 'd have to think, but the main thing, the imperative necessity, was to leave before Sam Bentley was up and about, and before Millie detained him with sympathy.
he barely knew himself.
he drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands.
he entered the hallway.
he found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of tidiness.
he must have slept again.
he peered at his wristwatch.
he recognized his jacket and trousers.
he rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door.
he shivered, and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf.
he was actually walking down the stairs.
he was drinking another glass of water.
he was kneeling to tie his shoelaces.
he was on the verge of tears.
he was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him.
he was supposed to be in court this afternoon, at City Hall.
he was trying to smile at her.
he was walking across to the bathroom.
he would not be indebted to Sam!
his fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy.
his fingers fumbled across the bandages.
it seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch;
it was after seven o'clock.
oh God!
perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead.
she had vanished;
she must have put his clothes in the closet.
she stood gazing at him.
strange, it was still running.
the fabric was dark;
the stains were n't too apparent;
the surface, however, was perfectly white.
the voice issued from the cavern of the hall below.
then Julia appeared under the arch leading to the dining room.
they had left both of his eyes uncovered **h.
this room was like a prison.
this was some freak, two strands of adhesive tape across his nose, like ugly roots from the mass of gauze, suddenly moist over his cheekbones.
too early for a vacuum cleaner, but probably Sam wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs.
well, he told himself, let 's put the show on the road.
what time was it?
who would take over?
you should n't be up, should you"?
" I bumped into a door handle", George said.
" I know you feel badly, but that sounds like such a queer thing for < you > to say".
" I will **h.
" Joan, did I wake you"?
" are you positive you 'll be all right by yourself"?
" does it"?
" forget we ever knew what"?
" no, Millie, I 'm home **h.
" oh, just sort of everything in general".
" take care of yourself then".
" yes, I thought you 'd probably be up **h.
" yes, Julie dear.
" yes, perhaps.
**h But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business".
George walked steadily ahead into his entry.
I 'd win hands down.
I 'll get it hauled away **h.
I 'm supposed to joke about things, are n't I?
I might struggle in for a jury.
I will n't be in town for a couple of days, though, and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon.
I would n't want to ask for a postponement- it 's really just a routine thing **h.
abruptly he reached into his pocket.
as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it.
but I thought maybe Tony Elliott could pinch-hit for me.
by myself I 'll be fine".
do n't work too hard".
for God's sake, do n't worry.
for a moment he smiled.
happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night.
he 'll understand- you might give him sort of a tactful nudge.
he 's got all the facts.
he asked.
he asked.
he could see the stone building where he lived.
he had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it.
he relinquished her hand.
he should have discovered a more tender farewell.
he was telephoning.
his bandages seemed on fire.
his voice seemed thick and purposeless.
in the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp.
it was an automatic phrase;
just a few more steps **h.
just one or two swallows, he told himself, enough to lessen some of the pain.
look, sweetheart, some fool was **h.
no, please- no visit today- I 'll be asleep **h.
no, really, right as rain **h.
oh hell no, I 'm not in a hospital.
she asked him.
she said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace.
someone laughed.
someone shouted at him," Well!
tell Sam not to worry about the car.
that upsets me more than anything **h.
there was one more call to make.
too bad a jury is n't involved.
unfortunately it turned out to be me, but I would n't quite put it that way to the boss **h.
what happened to you"?
what?
will you look at George Rawlings!
yes, sure, I 'll see the doctor- this evening, if you insist **h".
yes, there was the key.
you 've done me the greatest possible service.
you, also **h.
" I 'm ready", she announced.
" I would n't even be surprised", she said unhappily," if Myra tried to leave her with us forever".
" all that junk"?
" do n't yell at < us >", Lucy said.
" do you need that big bundle"?
" he 'll take every one of them".
" no", Susan said, grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect.
" now, now", Lucy said, approaching Susan with a handkerchief, mopping skillfully.
" please", he said.
" that 's a horrible thing to accuse her of"!
" there is n't a chance of Myra 's letting anything like that happen.
" well", Jim said, out of the silence," let 's get going, dolls and all".
" well, at last", she said, because Susan was clattering down the stairs.
" your father did n't mean it, Susan".
## SUSAN looked like an overwhelmed baby nurse;
Jim groaned, but he lifted Susan's suitcase and said, in a gentler tone," Sure- the entire thousand.
Jim said.
Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her.
Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said, he too had seen the looming specter of a forever-Cathy.
Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible.
Lucy was sick of it.
Myra loved big cities;
Myra, with her news, was on the other end of the line.
Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief;
Susan!
a startled piping sound returned.
among them, she had to prepare the guest room.
and at this point, Lucy thought, there should be a lecture on little cousins' sharing dolls- but she could sympathize with Susan;
and when you get back from Grandma's, Cathy will be here to play with you.
at the feeding station, the raffish group of cowbirds again bobbed and gobbled over the ground, but now, gorgeous among them, was a beautiful red cardinal, radiant in its feathered vestments.
but they were n't just friends, Lucy thought;
get moving"!
he went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up, fiercely," Susan!
her arms were straining with a burden of dolls.
his dark brows, which had been lowered in anger, smoothed.
his voice had sharp edges, as though he knew very well Lucy and he were not friends at the moment.
how long would it be occupied?
its mate must be at home, silently guarding their nest.
let 's stay friends".
nice"?
she gave Jim a quick, shape-up look of warning.
she had a day of things to do;
she had better stay there, Lucy thought;
she had let Jim go with a chilly good-by, a chillier kiss.
she said to herself, abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds.
she suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had.
she turned and began to walk toward the house.
she was sorry, and angry at herself, because never in their life together had she done that.
that was one more reason she did n't look forward to Cathy's visit, short or long;
the day was brilliant around her- flower-scented, crisp with breeze- yet her inner turmoil darkened it.
the handsome bird was solitary;
the last one had been a Lilliputian war.
the only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless, selfish sister of his.
the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels.
their arms around each other, they had been talking of the present and the future;
their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm, as steeped in light, as the air around them.
then, from within the still, sleeping house, the telephone had rung;
there ought to be a limit to sharing, too.
they were husband and wife, and Myra had no right muddling and chilling their marriage.
thousands of miles away- in Paris, of all places- she might forget she had ever been a mother.
to her, each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart.
was it only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the moon-washed river?
well, Lucy?
when the car, with Susan's hands waving wildly from the rear window, disappeared down the driveway, Lucy stood looking after its pale dust.
" < She 's > got a nerve".
" aw, shut up", he said.
" goolick, goooolick", creaked a sea gull.
" how does he know?
" let 's talk about the beach.
" watch it, big shot", a hoarse voice yelled back.
" you just wait, Dad.
## Shivering, he put on his clothes.
( if a dragon or a sea monster came along, did n't he have a red Swiss hunting knife on his belt- ten blades < and > a corkscrew?
( one good thing about a suit of armor, his leg would n't show.
) he was the first astronaut on the moon, chosen because of his small size and intrepid nature.
) here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe.
< I can n't go in.
< his > rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet, a big, brown, lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers.
I 'm scared of the nightmare >.
Lucy glancing at the miniature case, knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays;
Quint could n't blame Maggie for disbelieving.
Quint said now to the clouds.
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint, a head taller, and could lick any boy or girl on the beach.
a dark bathroom can be pretty scary, and he 'd creep back to bed, proud of himself, thinking: tomorrow, for sure, I 'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad.
and shivering with shame, he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water.
and when he woke up, his father was saying," Stop screaming, Quint.
big dumb nut.
dr& Fortman says swimming would help your leg.
every night when he wanted a drink of water, did n't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light?
every piece of the nightmare was clear, in place;
fearless.
for eleven days they' d done the same thing, leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast, before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards.
he called her" Fatso".
he could remember the feel of his father's big hands, the thump of his father's heart sending out signals- regular, like radar.
he felt strong as a giant.
he had n't intended to make the promise.
he never had polio".
he says you 're limping more than you need to".
he stood on the rock, a skinny, dignified boy surrounded by the ocean.
he unlaced his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg.
he wadded his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks.
he was Canute controlling the waves.
he was a knight of the Round Table," Sir Quintus the Brave", slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses.
he was six feet one like his father, with big hands and a hairy chest, a man the weak and persecuted would turn to.
here he was enclosed and safe.
his rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here.
in the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out.
it 's all right.
it happened two weeks ago, the night before his father left on a business trip to South America.
look, I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck.
nobody around.
nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping jaggedly to the water's edge.
now they were in friendly territory.
or, what was worse, she prayed for him out loud at bedtime:" please, Lord Gord, please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised".
she called him" Stuck-up- that 's why nobody plays with you, Mister Stuck-up".
she opened the door.
she was holding on to his rock with one hand.
son.
stop shaking".
strength began to zip up and down his chest.
the swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced.
the wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades, and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there, bleeding, wedged between the rocks and the waves.
they walked slowly past the sherbet-colored cottages- eleven lemon, nine mint, seven orange- around the curve to a deserted stand with an" Eats" sign jiggling in the wind.
they would have to buy things for her.
unimpressed, the dog plopped on the sand.
wait and see, Dad".
when you get back I 'll probly be swimming better than Victoria.
while I 'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig, hear?
" better make up your mind, son", Sabella said.
" books are for schnooks".
" children, we 'll have to get organized.
" either that or a veterinarian".
" ever thought about going on the stage"?
" he says he 'll be here on the one-o 'clock plane.
" name one, I been there".
" no.
" nobody gave me flowers before.
" really".
" say, you 're quite a comic", Sabella said admiringly.
" we beseech thee, Lord Gord, to bless this food"- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed raisin toast on her plastic bib.
" which continent"?
" yeah, keen".
" you can always tell a real gentleman- they got a certain < je ne say quok >".
" you can n't serve cod and salmon".
" you going to marry the King"?
" your Daddy 's in San Francisco", she told them.
## Wednesday morning it happened.
(" what did one tonsil say to the other tonsil?
) encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham.
< Pugh >.
Japan, she said, smelled < pugh > because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks;
Quint smothered a yawn.
a cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach.
and" What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist?
artfully, as the days went by, he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War;
as for dancing- holy mackerel, he ought to see the gypsies in Jerez;
as for his promise- oh, he had plenty of time, buckets of time.
boy, could she catch!
but Victoria began yodeling just then and he went home, carrying Sabella in the back of his head, not thinking about her, just knowing she was there, smiling, smelling of peppermints.
but it was such a nice thought that he nodded his head.
camels in Tripoli had harelips.
fifteen days early- is n't that wonderful"?
he 's got a long beard and picks his teeth with a fork.
he daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around.
he described the ham decorated with pineapple and cherries, cooling on the porch.
he had n't.
he snuck up on the ham like Maggie, gumming it with soft, stumpy teeth, then panting with thirst, lapping up the water in the lagoon, swelling up like a balloon, staggering home to be sick, while his mother said," < That > does it.
her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough.
his encylopedia agreed with Sabella.
let 's get dressed up- the doctor 's taking us out tonight".
like Willie Mays in the outfield.
my hair is what he 's nuts about.
naturally curly hair runs in my family.
near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night.
next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around.
nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella.
once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered," Do n't feel like it", he was tempted to tell her about being scared.
personally, I prefer straight hair like yours, but as they say on the Continent, ' What can one do '"?
same old breakfast till the phone rang, making his mother's voice shake with excitement.
she made better pictures than any book he 'd read, but he did n't say so.
she said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward.
she skipped a piece of water at him and laughed, a funny, hoarse laugh he liked to hear.
sometimes they argued.
sometimes they did n't talk at all.
thank you, Quint".
that dog < has > to go".
that he personally had an IQ of 141 and was currently reading the Mushr to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia.
that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it;
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup.
they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them.
they were eating breakfast.
tooth-hurty".
" Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it;
" I 'm behind John Cooper", Mr& Lovejoy said finally.
" I think we 're agreed that he and Evans are equal in ability, so we have to look at the thing in terms of incentive.
" do n't think Linda could n't have got John back any time, if she 'd tried", Mousie Gordon, who had been Mousie Chandler, said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont." now you know she could' ve, but she is n't that kind of girl.
" now, I believe Poor John 'll work just a little harder.
" what did you do"?
" you must have done something, something wrong.
## Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith + MacIsaacs, where John and Bobbie both worked.
## Being an intelligent man, John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe, but he never let on by so much as a brave smile.
Bobbie had been head of the alloy division, while John was just another good salesman in the regular branch.
Bobbie had been successful, too, though he did n't match John's pace, and after all he did n't need to, with all the Stuart money.
Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers sticking together, and Linda got angry at him.
Bobbie, with Linda behind him, will have plenty of other opportunities.
John did find the missing checks and money afterward, and the drive was actually oversubscribed, which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries.
John was good at his job.
Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling.
Linda dragooned her uncle, Donald Murkland, into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened.
Linda would have to wait, she knew.
Lord knows I had everything set for you".
Uncle Donald Murkland found himself nodding agreement too.
after the surprise was over, Linda was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck, though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces.
after the war back to the heir apparency of the steel company.
and Linda felt capable of capturing the affection of the children, anxious even, since she and Bobbie had had none of their own.
and also, the money can n't mean as much to Bobbie.
and then came the hairpin turn, the smashed Jaguar and Linda, mourning alone and lovely.
but he got ahead in business: on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war;
but jolly old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job, but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some insiders could n't understand.
but now- well, it would be a blessing, I think.
but the continuing charm of the other children- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring.
but what was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by?
everyone held his or her breath.
for Linda knew how to help her husband, not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for Reuben Lovejoy.
he and Linda settled down to being social leaders, and Linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year.
he did n't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other.
he was a director of S& + M& and must have been in on the decision.
he was an attentive and generous husband, overgenerous, a lot of people felt, because they knew that money must be a problem to him.
it might be rough on Edythe at first, but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her, to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere.
it probably was n't hard for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to.
it was up to her to save Poor John, dear John, to undo the wrong she had done, but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream.
it was what she had been thinking herself.
it would be good for them to have a mother they need not be ashamed of.
most of the directors nodded.
of course, he < had > done wonders **h.
poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one.
poor John will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us".
poor John".
poor John's rise continued to be meteoric.
she asked Bobbie.
she could be sure of that.
she knew what people were thinking;
she managed a missionary drive for the church once and got the books so confused that old Mr& Webber, the eldest elder, who 'd never donated more than five dollars to anything, had to cough up five hundred dollars to avoid a scandal in what Edythe called" the bosoms of the church".
she never could fit into a crowd which had known, which still knew and admired Linda.
she was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job.
so when old Mr& Lovejoy, the company president, talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular steels had gone with Carnegie-Illinois, it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie.
the Coopers saw Bobbie and Linda socially, but no more than was necessary.
the job at Funk was n't particularly better, but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement, since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of Linda's family.
there was no one who would blame her or John;
they had their first real fight, and Bobbie went off to get drunk.
though that may be unfair since Ben Cooper, John's first son, came along early in 1938, the cutest baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from fontanel to pink toes, nary a trace of Edythe.
what she felt was a bone-deep loss with a sense of waste to it, not so much sorrow for handsome, ambitious Bobbie, but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death.
when he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job, a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on NATIONAL BUSINESS LEADERS OF THE FUTURE.
when there was bridge at Edythe's house, the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably < was > wet graham crackers.
with that wife of his, I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance.
years of watching while Poor John struggled without the help and understanding of the kind of wife a man needed to get ahead.
" I 'd had all this trouble with the old man, that 's why I drank so much.
" I 'm glad you feel that way, honey.
" I thought I 'd smooth things over through Ken", Wally said miserably.
" I wish we were in a position to offer a little money to tide them over".
" but Ken got coy and would n't make any promises.
" he 's ruined us- do you hear me- he 's ruined us!
" he told Ken to his face that he does n't have what it takes to get a woman!
" how can you be so damn stupid?
" in the morning you and Wally can talk things out"- She collapsed against me, as if everything inside her snapped.
" now you just take it easy, and I 'll make you some tea"-" < Tea, >" Nadine screeched.
" pack- and get out"!
" stop that!
" things may smooth over yet", Chris said, his nice lean face grave with honest concern.
" you 're crazy", Wally said thickly.
" you go to bed", I said curtly.
" you stay out of this", she spat at me.
## @ WHEN A bubble breaks, there 's nothing.
Chris fretted.
I drove home, found Chris still asleep.
I got her into bed, and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out.
I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe Wally was right, and she < was > crazy.
I had done all I could.
I had done all I was going to do.
I kept on being thankful.
I left her, a limp bundle of self-pity, shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her.
I said I wished we were, too.
I snuggled up close to him- loving him- thankful for a man like him.
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there.
I was plenty scared.
Ken will never forgive him- never!
Nadine strode over to him, and her pointed nails raked across his face.
Wally 's lost his job!
Wally can n't go any place at this hour"-" Well then, I 'll get out"- But she looked uncertain.
Wally sat in our big chair, his hands between his knees, looking ready to cry.
Wally was snoring on the davenport.
all we own is Francie's bedroom set and the televison-record player and we even owe on them.
and I was plastered and I blew my stack"-" And told him right to his face he 'd never slept with a woman"!
and the other people there were listening!
and we 'll be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours- and all because of that"- I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of filth.
and we do n't have any money- we do n't have a dime!
but Chris brightened up like a candle.
but I could n't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved.
but she was beyond caring what she said.
he had fallen into a soft job, and now the job was gone and he was stranded.
he insulted Ken Thom"!
he lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it, and was instantly asleep.
her eyes were wild.
i- got fired yesterday for not attending to business"- Old Mr& Thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job, Wally confessed, and could n't get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired.
in the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie.
in the state she was in, she could actually kill him!
it was easy enough to say it, because of course we could n't spare a cent.
it was three o'clock before I figured it was all right to go.
little by little, during the week, Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived.
mr& Thom had gotten Wally on the phone, and fired him.
now maybe they' d realize that life can be tough.
on top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent, and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired, they were evicted.
seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side.
she was coming to her senses enough to realize that you do n't go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning.
thankful I was n't Nadine.
they had not only spent every cent- they were in debt up to their necks, owing on everything they owned.
we 're ruined and he 's going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs"- ## @" YOU 'D BETTER simmer down", I said nervously.
whether or not Wally lost his job was no concern of mine.
worst of all, Wally had no training for any kind of work.
you 'll wake up the whole building.
" I been spotting a little now and then", she said quietly, no emotion in her voice.
" I have n't seen her yet, but I hear she 's a lulu"!
" better do a Papanicolaou", I told Pete.
" got a new one in last night", he said.
" have you spoken to a doctor about it"?
" hey"!
" now, Miss- or is it < Mrs > & Bancroft"?
" what 's this"?
" your period"?
< Alice **h But this woman's name was Rose Bancroft!
< oh, could it be?
> I looked at the chart for reassurance.
> no, no **h it was an unfortunate resemblance, that was all it was, and I turned to Dick, forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind.
I 'm Chief of Medicine here and this morning would start like all others, with me taking the boys on the rounds.
I asked.
I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson, the most promising intern at Fairview, had something to do with it, too.
I never liked going straight into an examination with patients- it relaxes them, I 've always thought, to chat first.
I tell you, it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak.
I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table.
I was busy the rest of the day.
I was n't surprised.
Pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven- he 'd had a case of post-operative shock, but it was all taken care of now.
Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear, sent it down to the lab with a request for the test.
Pete was down on Seven, Dick told me, and he 'd meet us there.
although quiet when they brought her in, she 'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out.
an ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar puffy face, already marred by the tell-tale network of broken red veins that heavy drinkers carry.
but if she was n't interested, she 'd just go back to the same life she 'd left.
but once I was alone again, driving to the hospital, the heaviness returned.
but there was something about her- and I felt my lips forming a name.
but those penetrating eyes- I had to turn my head away.
did he have a right to know the secret I 'd kept from Gladdy all these years?
her coarse hair was two-colored- bleached blonde and its real, dirty gray.
her voice was flat and dull.
if she and Pete were really getting serious, I 'd have to do some hard thinking.
in a low voice, Dick filled us in **h #@# < S > HE 'D BEEN picked up downtown, passed out in the doorway.
it made me feel good and knowing that she 'd decided, all on her own, to go to college right here in town made me feel good, too.
it was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal, but I could n't see anything wrong on gross examination.
it was the old story.
it was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed.
it was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward.
late in the afternoon, I was up on Seven again.
oh, I knew that I could n't give myself all the credit for her decision.
on my way to the elevator, I ran into Pete.
once again, there was a negative shake.
one of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled.
seven is a women's floor and, as it happened, not very busy right then.
she 'd been out with Pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little.
she looked about sixty, though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four.
she shook her head.
should I tell him the truth about Alice?
that done, I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind.
the boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview.
the moment I walked in, the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed.
the ward was a small one, four beds, kept reserved for female alcoholics.
there was n't anything of special interest that morning, no one sicker than they should have been.
there were bloodspots on the sheet.
they' d cleaned her up some, of course, and she 'd pretty much slept off her drunk.
this was one time I 'd have gladly broken my own rule, but habit was too strong.
turning toward the patient again, I- I can n't describe what happened to me then, except to say that I felt sick.
two interns and Dick Ishii, the other resident.
we 'd keep her a day or two, and the AA people would talk to her.
we did n't get many at Fairview and they were never pretty sights.
when we 'd finished our regular rounds, Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor.
yes, Rose Bancroft, diagnosis: acute alcoholism.
" I never asked you for any favors, Joe", she went on," but I 'm asking one now.
" Madame", I said with noblesse oblige because of the" handsome"-" yeah".
" here and there.
" where have you been all these years"?
I 'd found my voice.
I chuckled aloud, and the mouthpiece fell out.
I did n't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful.
I feel another of terrible urgency.
I felt like a Hun in Rome.
I got there on a Saturday evening.
I had a pocketful of money, which was unusual when I was in the army, and the plane would be grounded all night.
I had champagne at Maxim 's, then went into a cafe called the Jour et Nuit to ask the way to Montmartre.
I knew it would n't be the same.
I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me.
I made the mistake of going to the Jour et Nuit.
I met Claire, which was better.
I never got there.
I no longer knew how deep I was, somewhere under 230 feet, getting drunker, happier and more contented by the second.
I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up.
I stared.
I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea.
I was twenty-one back then, in the army, and fog put our plane down at Orly instead of Rhine-Main.
Yielding-Mediterranean-woman-flesh-of-water, she soothed me, and drew me deeper into her.
all the women were beautiful, and the men were equal to them;
and Gladdy would be safe!
and so off we went to her apartment.
and this was Gladdy's mother!
as for coming back here- well, I 'll tell you the truth, I did n't even know where I was when I came to.
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes.
her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any woman 's;
if I let her go, she 'd disappear once more.
in less than an hour I had gotten a hotel, showered, shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform.
is your evening free"?
it was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain, and I was a little high on the good taste of life.
it was no vacation, just me getting out after a bellyfull.
it was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris.
just let me out ta here"-" But why did you come back"?
let her out, let her out- that would be the solution, would n't it?
let me out ta here!
maybe her ravenous eating was n't grotesque because she was so positive about it.
no, I want out, Joe"!
now it was nine years later, and it was n't spring but winter when I returned.
once before I had been to Paris, long before I married Valery.
only the dive itself had any meaning.
perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better, love my woman better.
she made me welcome.
she shrugged.
she was a nymphomaniac, of course, the poor girl.
she was blonde, and young, and nice and round in a tight white dress.
she was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could, and washing it down with red wine.
that first time was good and it stuck with me.
the last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego"- The way she spoke, her flat acceptance of her alcoholic blackout, made me shudder.
the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic.
the metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water.
the place was busy but I did n't feel like a Hun.
the reasons for this dive seemed foolish now.
there was the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour d' Eiffel- I was no yokel, but I was young, and this was Paris!
there were some sweet machines other than women: an old Bugatti, a lean Farina coachwork on an American chassis, a Swallow, a type 540- K Mercedes and lots more.
toward the break of day I waxed philosophical, and drew analogies about her way of eating bread and cheese.
what she 'd said was true- in all these years, she 'd never asked for anything from me.
when she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill, she came directly to my table and said:" handsome soldier, I have assuaged one hunger with food.
while a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down, a clear part sorted over recent events, among them my only positive act in a long time.
wild kicks never are, but I hoped to dig up a better frame of mind.
you doctors are all alike- all you want is to cut up people and what 's the good?
" I carry one in my purse.
" I did n't really use yours", she went on.
" a bullet", she answered.
" all right".
" bon jour"!
" bon jour", I said brightly, sitting up, which pulled the covers to her hips.
" but I already have!
" but not immediately".
" j 'ai faim"!
" oh"?
" the toothbrush monsieur", he said, presenting it.
" um"?
" what is this for"?
" what is this from"?
" why, to brush your teeth".
" yeah, but breakfast first".
" yes, because you did n't run off to use that new toothbrush".
" you are very tactful, do you know, Stephen", she remarked.
I asked, touching the scar on her stomach.
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her.
I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age.
I felt wonderful, the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy.
I gave it to the woman.
I grunted, sipping.
I had brushed my teeth, showered, shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast.
I know men never kiss < les putains" >.
I put aside my empty cup.
I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror.
I said with enthusiasm at the idea.
I said with round eyes.
I sensed no stranger in her.
I suppose we were cold, but we did n't feel it.
I think we were very tired, for we awoke at the same moment, deeply rested, surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows, which were wet where the rime had melted.
I used yours".
I was hungry as a wolf, and my body felt lean and vital.
I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself.
as we ate, we talked.
but I smelled the coffee, and thinking, What the hell, live dangerously, I decided I would scald my worries away.
he must have thought I was a tourist.
her name was Suzanne, and mine Stephen.
it was a nice place, not filled with smoke.
it was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle.
maybe closer to thirty, I thought.
my head was clear.
she asked innocently.
she came out pink from a hot bath, and I gave her my robe.
she exclaimed, smiling.
she had a funny little scar on her stomach, on the left side.
she looked good, with her short tousled hair and no make-up.
she smiled all the way to her wise, sad eyes, and drained her own.
she understood sex anyway, and played at it well.
the < sommelier > brought the wine first, a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered.
the coffee was n't very hot though, made in a filter pot, but it was good.
the cynicism was back in her eyes, a bitter wisdom, and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all.
then she said," Allons", and we got up and went to my hotel without another word.
to my immense relief, she changed the subject in the next sentence:" shall we go to the Louvre today"?
we had champagne and steamed mussels.
we sat back comfortably on the bed with our last cups of coffee.
we seemed to be drowsing, sadly, soberly, in the cold, cold air while the snow fell.
we sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham, hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread.
we undressed and made love with the comfortable acceptance I had once known with Valery.
we went to the Louvre for a few hours, then by Metro to a cabaret in Montmartre.
we were not rushed.
with a laugh she beat me to the bathroom.
" I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I 'll just have to!
" I just hope this happens to you someday", said Cousin Elec, who was not at his best.
" Signora"?
" can you think of anything to do"?
" drop a cold key down his back".
" mi diapiace, signora, ma **h insomma **h".
" no", said Theresa.
" no, no"!
" of course ( George's letter continued ), there are practical problems to be considered.
" oh **h put it there"!
" poor Cousin Elec", George said.
" poor Cousin Elec".
" you might treat it like the hiccups", said Papa.
## I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield- that Lucille was a husband stealer.
( Theresa skipped a page of details about the house.
)" I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them.
< the trouble is, > Theresa thought, < that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely, nothing here is supposed even to exist.
Carrozza rides in the park, the Colosseum by moonlight, he specialized **h.
Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and will n't hear to parting from it.
I 'll start sneezing in a minute, sitting on these cold steps.
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best **h".
I never heard my folks talk about her, though.
I really should n't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day, thought Theresa, it always makes me sick.
Robbie and Beryl tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them, and Anne and I have told her she 's more than welcome here, but I think she feels that she might be an imposition, especially as long as our Rosie is still in high school.
Susan Dolan, that 's me.
Theresa Stubblefield, still holding the family letters in one hand, realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin Elec's death and" doing something" about Cousin Emma.
Theresa shifted to a new page.
Theresa turned away to escape, and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two.
a new bathroom would certainly have to be put in.
and I 've been told that just about every town, no matter what its size, has its Lucille Warren.
at last, alarm.
but there is more in this than meets the eye.
can you think of anything to do"?
finally, she scurried away up the steps.
he held his long clenched foot in both hands, and this and his contorted face- he was trying heroically not to cry out- made him look like a large skinny old monkey.
he knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them.
he was younger than Theresa: she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes, while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not unamused.
it never registered with them that I had time to real all of Balzac, Dickens, and Stendhal while Papa was dying, not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation.
it would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of Elsie Dinsmore >.
just as it has its Susan Dolan, though nobody' d ever bothered to tell me that.
just then a man approached her with a tray of cheap cameos, Parker fountain pens, rosaries, papal portraits.
now, here they both were, still the same, George full of round-eyed woe, and Cousin Emma in despair.
of course, it was n't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another, and were n't they always emphasizing that they really did n't know what they would do without Theresa?
she arranged the letters carefully, one on top of the other.
she became aware that two Italian workmen, carrying a large azalea pot, were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display.
she cast about as though looking for a policeman: this really should n't be allowed!
she got up, standing uncertainly for a moment, then moving aside to let go past her, talking, a group of young men.
she indicated a spot a little distance away.
she kept repeating.
she said.
the lady with the alligator bag registered interest, doubt, then indignation;
the man did not wish to leave.
the other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with- Miss Edna Whittaker, for example.
the wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off **h".
then, with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself, she tore them in two.
there she walked to the far left and leaned on a vacant section of banister, while the vendor picked himself another well-dressed American lady, carrying a camera and a handsome alligator bag, ascending the steps alone.
they all surrounded him, the family circle, Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens, and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan.
they even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission.
they were even, Anne and George, probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out" one or two countries" and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September.
they wore shoes with pointed toes, odd to American eyes, and narrow trousers, and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick.
they would not care if all of Europe were to sink into the ocean tomorrow.
was he ever successful, Theresa wondered.
yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome, and felt themselves to be so.
you can n't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only 4000-plus.
" I will, kitten"!
" Johnnie **h?
" it can n't be wrong, can it?
" love me, Johnnie".
" mmm".
" stop worrying.
" uh huh.
" will you always love me this way"?
## I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing.
<" always and always, Johnnie"?
<" love me"?
<" mmm" >.
> <" always" >.
> <" uh-huh.
I 'd been seeing Johnnie almost a year now, but I still did n't want to leave him for five whole days.
I 'd never even petted with a boy, and after I met Johnnie he never touched me for the longest while, not until I all but threw myself at him.
I < was > practically a bride, after all.
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love, and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God, my promise to remain pure until I was married.
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids, and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who, being thirty, brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about.
I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman.
I had had no wedding ceremony, no witnesses, no certificate of marriage, but I had all the joy that goes with them.
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil!
I had mixed emotions about going.
I took great comfort from his words, and smiled to myself in the darkness.
I wanted him, with a terrifying fierceness.
I was desperate to hold him, to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed, and to keep him from the clutches of Lucille Warren.
Johnnie rose on one elbow.
a chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow.
after all, Lucille Warren < was > a husband-stealer from way back.
always".
and I had no doubts about how true this love was.
and I snuggled closer to the man l loved.
and had n't I rescued him from Lucille Warren?
and if I could contribute to that, I 'd do it.
and, though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself, there was in me a growing desire, a sexual awareness, that Johnnie had set in motion, an awareness that no other man had ever triggered.
astonishingly enough, it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness, begging this man to make love to me.
but < I 'd > been a good girl and now God was blessing me with the gift of this magnificent man and the wondrous love we shared.
but then he had said," All right, kid, if that 's how you want it, that 's how it' ll be".
but what had I done, trying to keep us pure?
convention time in Boston.
from the entire eastern half of the nation they' d be coming, members of the Young Christians' League, and I 'd been chosen to represent our chapter.
he 'd not only told me so, he 'd proved it.
he was plenty attentive, all right, but he behaved like a gentleman, and I figured that, emotionally, I was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half.
idiot's delight, I later discovered.
infinite peace, complete contentment.
it 's never wrong if love is real".
it was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced.
it was n't Johnnie's fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable.
it was n't, I was sure, a difference in age that came between people, but a difference in maturity.
it was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring.
just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children, as any decent man would, that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too.
love you" >.
my very first time.
no price is too high when true love is at stake.
not < really >".
of course he would.
of this, I had no doubt.
outside, in the summertime fields behind the motel, a thousand crickets serenaded us.
she 'd have gotten him, if I had n't stopped her.
so one week later, I surrendered to him in the little motel on Route 10.
the cost did n't matter.
there < would > have been a ceremony if it had been possible.
what could a mere twelve years matter?
would n't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness?
" I 've got this cold.
" I hope so", he said.
" I hope so.
" ah".
" fine, day after tomorrow", she added.
" not onions", came the answer the following day.
" oh, nothing.
" oh, yes.
" so you said".
" the smell permeates everything"!
" three-day blow"!
" ugh".
" what's that you say"?
" why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator"?
" would you mind wrapping your onion"?
" you 've got a peaked look.
## Eh"?
## Next morning, he found a note in the refrigerator.
Charlie forbore to mention that the wet was somewhat universal, Peony being less than weatherproof.
I 've got this cold".
all Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon, a salami sandwich for lunch, and a lonely old age- if he lived that long.
as for its being fine, day after tomorrow, he had the unhappy conviction that it would never be fine again, with Vivian lost to him forever.
be a scorcher by afternoon".
better get in out of the wet".
but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew, too, that there was no pill to cure it.
but on further investigation, the thing proved to be a sweater, of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets- pale, pale pink and, according to the label, size thirty-four.
but on the other hand, he did n't want her swiping his salami.
but then, as he well knew, women are not guided by logic or common sense.
everything being the sweater, a lipstick case, and a squirt bottle of Kissin' Kare pink hand lotion.
from now on, his was going to be a man's world: the North Woods, duck blinds at dawning, beer and poker and male secretaries.
he could imagine her at this minute, honeymooning in Nassau with what' s-his-name, lounging on golden sands, looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss.
he did n't want to encourage anything here;
he dozed, only to dream of Vivian, and woke, only to crash into the night table, bruising his other shin.
he had caught, too, like an ailment, a confirmed distrust of women.
he had loved and lost Vivian Wayne to somebody else, had watched her marry the somebody else, and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever, which was really piling it on.
he had noticed before that the natives seemed to regard really filthy weather as a kind of Pyhrric victory over the tourists.
he leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs& Kirby for her guests: four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( < At the Seashore, At the Mountains, On the Farm >, and < In Danger > ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle, hideously illustrated.
he looked up to see Mrs& Kirby, awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker, bearing down on him.
he mused aloud.
he scrawled" Sorry" across the bottom of the note and then, against his better judgment, added:" do n't you eat"?
he thought about it for a minute, could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator, got the salami, bread, and a Bermuda onion, and put the whole thing out of his mind.
he took a yellow pill, only to choke on it, and went for the salami, only to find something alive in the refrigerator- something pink and fuzzy.
his first thought was that Mrs& Kirby, in her mania for color, had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in;
in these damp circumstances, he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia.
it was Mrs& Kirby, making her toilsome way along the veranda, laden with a clattery collection of mops, brushes, and pails.
just glad the rain 's stopped".
just look at that sky.
meanwhile, he had this miserable cold, and as he leaned against the refrigerator, watching the rain make sandy puddles at his feet, the doctor's prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow mockery.
must have really smelled up her sweater, he thought, and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen.
not that he had supposed, considering the evidence, that he was sharing this refrigerator with a member of the Beach Patrol.
now, if this were Vivian next door to him and if, for some obscure female reason, she kept her clothes in the refrigerator, they would not be pink.
once burned- scalded, really, because Vivian had given him every encouragement- forever shy.
pink, Vivian once had told him, was for baby girls, and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy.
said this note.
she bellowed triumphantly.
she scrutinized him.
she studied him briefly.
somebody had.
take Vivian.
the doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi;
the note paper was pink, too, and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine.
they would be black or white or horse-blanket plaid, chic and splashy, like Vivian herself.
thought I 'd bake it out in the sun".
yes, take Vivian.
" I 'm not that anxious, but maybe that 's why you 're so fair".
" broiled out.
" how's your sunburn now?
" mind your own goddamn business", Mike Deegan said.
" puny goes with pale and peaked.
" that Mrs& Kirby!
" you 're in for trouble".
## Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms, waiting for the fire in his back to subside, and used generous quantities of the hand lotion.
@ Eddie Lee, Riverside's redheaded playing manager, ran after the ball but it rolled past him.
@ Phil Rossoff, coming in from left field, stopped at the water fountain for a drink.
@ Phil spun around and made an accurate throw into Mike Deegan's hands on third base.
@ The Anniston catcher did not reply with words.
@ The fighters were separated in a few minutes.
@" Keep your eyes open, sonny"!
@" Third!
@" You bastard"!
Charlie could n't see Vivian offering any hand lotion.
Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to Phil.
Eddie shouted.
I 'll bet she told you I was puny, too.
Mike Deegan tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher.
Mike Deegan was standing beside it, facing the field.
Mike caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag.
Mike yelled to the catcher.
Phil Rossoff cut over to center from left field to get the relay.
Phil Rossoff said:" why do n't you leave him alone"?
Phil shrugged.
also the canoe".
are you?
but Mike Deegan was boiling mad now.
but Mike had no chance of being tagged.
but the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late.
but the picture of Tom Swift is pretty sinister.
by the time the fielder got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for home.
correspondence passed back and forth.
do you have anything to read while you 're shut up?
for a few innings the Anniston team could n't figure him out.
he came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face.
he jumped to his feet and started to throw punches.
he simply turned to Mike and smiled.
he stepped into the dugout, wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble.
he was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began.
how's your cold"?
in the last of the sixth inning Mike Deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left fielder's head.
maybe the answer was in his eyes.
she did n't say you were puny.
she might peel him, once the worst of the agony was over.
so help me God, I 'll get him".
suppose what' s-his-name got a sunburn?
the Anniston catcher screamed.
the Anniston catcher was straddling home plate.
the game was resumed.
the left fielder threw and it was a good one.
the new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop.
the only thing, this lotion has glycerin in it, and that whitens the skin, so if you 're so anxious to get a tan, you may not want to use it".
then, in the fifth, Anniston's kid catcher caught onto a curve and smacked the ball into left center field.
there are two things here about Surviving in the Wilderness, and a book called ' Tom Swift and His Speedy Canoe ';
there was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot.
third base"!
this brought in everybody from both sides, while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar.
this so infuriated Deegan that he spun around and said:" I 'll get that little bastard.
what's puny"?
when Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips.
when the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout.
" I 'm doing you a favor", Eddie said quickly.
" I 'm not saying you 're yellow.
" I 'm not trying to say anything".
" I did n't ask you to fight for the ball club", Phil said slowly.
" I did n't think it was necessary".
" Phil, come into my office", Eddie said.
" but it does confirm what I 've suspected all along".
" is this because of what happened out there"?
" it 's a helluva thing", Mike said, looking at Phil," when a guy's own team-mate will n't come out and help him in a fight".
" listen!
" listen, wise guy, if you think < I 'm > gon na do all the fighting for this ball club you 're crazy".
" no", Eddie said.
" nobody else did, either".
" now do n't tell me what a good ball player you are.
" now listen to me, Phil.
" the best thing for you to do", Eddie said," is go home.
" well!
" what difference does your batting average make?
" what the hell do you think baseball is?
" why the hell did n't you come out when you saw them gang up on me"?
" you get your unconditional release as of today".
" you trying to say < I > started the fight"?
< that's > what I mean by no heart for the game.
Deegan had no business ramming into that kid out there.
Eddie Lee had not come in yet.
Eddie Lee leaned forward over the desk.
Frankie Ricco sat down on the bench near Phil.
I 'm not steering you wrong.
I < am > saying you 're not a professional ballplayer".
I know you 've got talent.
I tell you when it 's necessary to hurt in order to win- you will n't do it.
Mike had a good two inches over Phil and Phil had to look up into Mike's face.
Mike placed both his hands on his hips.
Mike went over to Phil and stood over him.
Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door.
Phil had to clear his throat.
Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned.
Phil sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head.
Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short.
Phil stood up.
Phil turned away and opened his locker, and then he heard Mike Deegan say:" you 're yellow, Rossoff"!
Phil's eyes widened just a trifle.
and Phil banged his locker door shut and spun around.
baseball 's no cinch.
but before anything could happen Frankie Ricco was between them and Eddie Lee had come into the dressing room.
but what you have n't got is the heart to back up that talent with.
dazed, Phil said:" I do n't get it.
he did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that 's one less who might take his job away later on.
he pushed his jaw forward.
he sat down before Eddie's desk.
my batting average **h" Eddie stood up abruptly, then sat down just as abruptly.
now that 's just fine!
or even the way you run bases.
or your fielding average.
suddenly his voice grew hard.
the heart, Phil.
the other players were undressing quietly.
this is the second time **h"" Sit down, sit down", Eddie said.
what the hell do you think baseball is?
you 're not in the big leagues, but if you can n't give and take down here what the hell do you think it' ll be like up there"?
you did n't think it was necessary".
you do n't belong in professional baseball".
you have n't got the heart for baseball".
you just have n't got the heart for pro-ball, and that 's it".
" I 've heard about it", Samuel Burns said.
" I should n't have been able to do that".
" and the water would be still colder", Ceecee seemed to shiver at the thought of it.
" and your golden god", said Samuel Burns," probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath.
" did you think there were two"?
" did you watch him"?
" do you still have < The Book of the Dead"?
" for a minute, anyhow.
" he was n't the least bit disturbed by my watching him", said Charlotte.
" there 's a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki".
" there was that fellow out there in the bitter cold"-" My God, it < was > cold today", said Samuel Burns.
" twenty-two or twenty-three".
" well I was able to do it", Charlotte said with no sign of irritation.
" well, it 's at Fudomae and there was a tan young man, quite naked, taking a shower in the pool.
" yes", he lied to shorten the conversation," I still have it".
" yes, a little parkish place", Charlotte said, and concluded," Anyhow, it 's all very nice.
" you do n't understand", Richard said gloomily.
> she asked him and, laughing, she added," I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that, but I knew you 'd like it".
I 'm surprised no one has been there.
I 've been there a number of times.
I was thoroughly startled".
Richard had kept his eyes down throughout the game, the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears.
Richard left America with his clothes, his biwa and his image of Acala and, on the freighter which took him to Japan, he plucked at the biwa, trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard.
Richard seldom spoke anyhow and he did n't speak to his parents about religion again.
Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation, but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it.
Richard was a solitary student in New York and acquired, in his remoteness, a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore, literature, life, politics and history.
Sam, I thought you knew everything about Tokyo.
although he still did n't speak to anyone, he grew fond of saying," The future lies in Asia", when the opportunity arose, and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation, they said, for his life in Asian studies.
an American student named Charlotte Adams had refused to take notice of his evident aversion to people and had at last succeeded in getting him to talk to her.
and one day, on her own, his mother came home with a present entitled < The Book of the Dead >, which she suspected Richard would enjoy.
and the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there, next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo.
as for < The Book of the Dead >, it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York.
asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter.
at dinner one night, when he was fourteen, Richard announced," There is only one god".
at one such gathering Charlotte announced," I was at Ryusenji today.
during his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure.
grinned his father.
have you ever been to Ryusenji"?
he had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and, trembling at having to open the big furnace, given them up to the flames.
he had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo.
he stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a gusty North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water.
he was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes, the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala, and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country.
he was enormously happy with her gift and smiled, then went to his room to read.
he was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father, no matter the subject.
his interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs.
his mother, who had seen little of him for four years, appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which, she herself having slight knowledge of it, had to be distrusted.
in Charlotte, Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which, after a fashion, he envied.
in Tokyo Richard took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York, except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend.
in time, he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity.
it was as though the biwa had been eaten up by the wind.
it was so dark that he did n't see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it.
no one had.
oh, that's what I meant to tell you.
sashimi was In, Samuel Burns had suggested, because it was too far Out to stay Out, even if it was a little pretentious.
she convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes, although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations.
she seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home, talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested.
soba, udon and tea were In because they could be taken noisily.
sushi was Out because it was pretentious.
the week at home was not comfortable.
then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried.
this is the interesting part, Richard", she had a bothersome habit of trying to pull him into the talking.
three of the four persons present, all foreign students in Tokyo, had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system, an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier.
through quiet laughter his mother said," Do n't speak to your father like that, Richard".
you 've never been to Ryusenji"?
" I 'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed".
" I killed a snake;
" can I ride around with you"?
" did you do that"?
" it 's a big snake, is n't it"?
" it was beautiful", I said, half to myself.
" no, you cannot", I said, pushing aside the water jar he offered to me.
" nobody likes snakes".
" snakes are ugly and bad".
" snakes are ugly and bad, and it might have bitten somebody, and they would have died".
" snakes are ugly", he said again.
" they are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes".
" they eat chickens sometimes", the boy said.
" they' re ugly and I hate them", the boy insisted.
" this snake was very beautiful.
" why did you kill it"?
" yes", he said, eagerly, beginning a kind of dance of excitement.
" you are talking foolishly", I said.
" you killed it because you wanted to kill it, for no other reason".
" you know there are no poisonous snakes in this area.
" you saw the colors of it, did n't you?
I 'm sorry, I thought to the snake, for you were beautiful.
I asked.
I could see the hunched-up shoulders, the savage determination, the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels, and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick.
I drove the tractor on, not looking down there;
I felt myself tremble, thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before, and I wanted to run down there and halt, if I could, that frenetic pirouette, catch the boy in the moment of his savagery, and save a glimmer, a remnant, of that which I remembered, but I knew it was already too late.
I felt the anger mount within me.
I knew the boy well.
I looked closely at his eyes, and he was already innocent;
I pointed to the splintered, upright stake.
I saw then, too, the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil, through something there where I had been not long before.
I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy, and I knew he could hear me, for the morning was clear and still, but he did not even hesitate in that brutal, murdering dance.
I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me.
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head, not looking at it, to kill it at last, for it could never live.
I touched it and the coolness, the ice-feeling, was gone, and even then it moved a little, perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles, and I hoped that it was truly dead, so that I would not have to kill it.
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on.
I wrenched the stake out, that the boy had driven through it in the thickest part of its body, between the colored diamond crystals.
and then it moved a little more, and I knew the snake was dying, and I would have to kill it there.
did n't you see how beautiful it was"?
even at that distance, with no sound but the sound of the tractor, I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy.
have you ever seen anything like it around here"?
he asked, as he often did, and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me.
he said.
he tried to take my hand to show me.
he waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up, as he would smile on any other day.
he was a beautiful boy, really, with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face, and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike, and his eyes were blue.
he was eleven and we had done many things together.
he was my nephew, my brother's son, handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed, with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well.
it was a big one".
it was no use.
my head began to ache, and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes, and I hated the job suddenly, and I thought, there are only moments when one sees beautiful things, and these are soon crushed, or they vanish.
stop it, I shouted, but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on, above anything I could say.
the beautifully-tapered head, so delicate and so cool, had been flattened as if in a vise, and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted, torn mouth.
the boy came around behind me, dragging the stake.
the boy skipped along beside me, and he was contented with what he had done.
the boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles, making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips.
the boy waited at the corner, with the jar of water held up to me in his hands, and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning.
the boy was there at the lower corner of the field, and he was in the plowed earth, stamping with ferocity and a kind of frenzied impatience.
the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking, torn and smashed in, and dirty from the boy's shoes.
the fire of the colors was gone;
the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his.
the snake was hideous, and I remembered, even then, the cool, bright fire of it only a little while before, and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that, and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life.
there was a contorted ugliness now;
this snake could not harm anything".
" I 'm sorry, Dave.
" I was just thinking how things have changed.
" board meeting tonight, Cady"?
" can I have the car, dad"?
" do n't worry about it, Dave.
" going to State"?
" hear anything from Hanford yet, dad"?
" no, I begged off.
" no.
" oh", said Mr& Partlow," that's fine, Tom.
" that 's a fact, Mr& Partlow.
" why not let him take it, Cady?
" you look like you just heard a real gasser, Mr& Partlow".
## David grinned.
Anne had a way with words.
Anne had it.
Cady Partlow's head came up like that of the proverbial fire horse.
Cady begged the question.
Cady looked at Tom, who had taken him up and down for fifteen years.
Cady, deep in thought, neither heard nor answered.
Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else, slowly, methodically and with interest.
Dave shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys.
I know it is midweek, but it 's only eight days before commencement.
Tom slid open the door to the lobby.
a woman had it or she did n't.
always messing around with science stuff.
as he drove home through the thinning traffic, Cady felt the unease growing.
be our guest!
but tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket.
carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly," Mr& Chairman"!
from those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did.
half of it was natural, half was Smith College.
he 's president of the rocket club here, you know.
he could take the advice or leave it.
he got a science scholarship to Yale".
he had n't told anyone, but he, too, had applied to five colleges for David.
he liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of freckles across her nose.
he liked looking at Anne.
he suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him.
he whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator.
it 's our pleasure!
just fine".
let 's forget the rules".
limited interests.
most people did.
my John applied to six colleges before he got in".
no clear motivation.
nor did looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did.
now you have to be well rounded, firm in motivation and pre-packed with knowledge"!
of course you can have it".
real bright along those lines, you might say.
she always could sense the shag end of a woolly day.
she never got on his back.
she said what she meant and let it be.
so sorry.
so sorry.
so sorry.
the car?
they had all turned down his son.
weakness in leadership.
when I went to college they begged you to come.
work to do".
yet the whole of Anne was something she had never learned in any college.
your acceptance will come through".
" Dave < has > qualities of leadership.
" I have talked to him, but you know I 've never tried to push him into any profession.
" I think you 'll get tired of them there".
" and what would you say he wants to do?
" did you know he is advertising his ham-radio equipment for sale this weekend?
" it 's Dave who is applying to Hanford College.
" just because your father tried to make a banker out of you, you 've leaned over backward to keep your hands off.
" now, I 'm not going to pick up those shorts"!
) that he dropped the shorts on the floor.
Anne picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild.
Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel.
Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder.
Cady walked the block to the mailbox, almost ashamed of himself for arguing with Anne.
I will n't be guilty of trying to run his life".
Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all.
Martin gave her a teasing pat.
all Martin thought he needed was time: to what better use could time be put?
all your wishful thinking will n't change that.
and once begun, had grown to such monstrous proportions.
but it was fun those first days, kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug.
but subconsciously you 've wanted him to conform to your mold.
but, at the start, his new life felt invigorating.
but, to put it bluntly, nothing snapped.
can you really say his motivation for college is electronics"?
for he had just remembered: tonight they were having their first guests.
for once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back.
give him time".
good.
half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things.
he had always been a messy and negligent man.
he has n't used it now for several years.
he just has n't developed them yet.
he never will, Cady.
he remembered the first time he saw her, standing across the room at a party.
he saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly.
he smiled to himself, and decided not to mention them till Dolores did.
he was wrong.
her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as" black", but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers, searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness.
in his bachelor days, his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother, or later the hotel maid, generally saw fit to put in order.
in the morning the shorts were where he had left them.
it was almost too easy.
it was on the tenth day after the wedding ( how could it have been so soon?
just what"?
lying awake at night, he could see them, laid out on the floor of his mind.
more he could take at leisure.
no doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps.
not the kind of leadership you mean, working with lots of people.
or against her back, pressed on the column of vertebrae, which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding, until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises, like the snapped stem of a tulip.
remember what you used to say in the Army?
so he sought her out, and spoke to her, and thought of his hand in her hair.
the pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life.
the rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness, but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts.
the shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening.
the smooth curve of her neck, very white against hair which curled against it like petals.
there was an assertive maleness in his grinning refusal to pick them up.
there was too little occasion beforehand for resistance, the brave strong delights of emotional clash and meeting.
they gave the room a strange note of incongruity, like a mole on a beautiful face.
they had left themselves too much to discover.
they married.
when he rose in the morning, the image was still there.
why do n't you ask him"?
yet that had not seriously troubled him, not then.
you can n't run a war with ninety-nine generals and one private"!
you want him to be a leader of men, like you".
" good old A- Z", Cap said.
" you know, I 've got one of your cars at home.
< bizarre: > he could hear the word.
< but not any more >.
< once it was >, William thought.
< the most bizarre situation.
Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes ( except the fatal shorts ) which he left about, but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions.
Freddy needed a job, having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by Gerry, and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one.
Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story.
a rush of memory swept him back, and he forgot Cap.
ah, he thought, she 's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too.
alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly, morosely, to live out his life in this fashion.
as a prominent industrialist, you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group.
as he relaxed that day, Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks.
beside his shorts, he would place something of hers.
but Martin seldom felt the impulse to talk about anything.
day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself.
everyone would know why;
extending her fingers another inch, she caught up the shorts, and swiftly left the room.
furthermore, he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly: every time he went in the bedroom, he could drop a slip or a brassiere, or maybe a girdle, next to his shorts.
general Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence, but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit, if he cared to ( and he did ), for the second time.
he fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and closets, so his life might impinge as little as possible on hers.
he felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor.
he found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ), and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling.
he left for work in high spirits.
he sat down on the bed.
he saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him.
he was trapped.
he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure.
his mind scurried frantically, seeking an exit.
how did he start on such a ride to brief glory?
in a frenzy of excitement, he considered his plan.
in a surprisingly short time, Dolores appeared.
in his moments of worst agony, Martin imagined what his friends were saying.
instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory, for if she picked up, say, a pair of her panties, she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside- the expenditure of energy was almost the same.
is n't his racket down your alley"?
mr& Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products, a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts, and installed Freddy in an executive position.
nothing would change, nothing would ever change.
now Martin heard himself give a snort of mock good nature.
on the other hand, if she did n't remove her own things, it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment.
pursuing his idea, he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now.
she did not look at him, but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes unsteady.
she had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness, his lack of control, his general male looseness, while she remained cool, airy, and untouched, the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body.
she let the interpretation stand.
shortly after, Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas.
simply enough, through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law.
six weeks of marriage and I 'm using the past tense, he told himself furiously.
slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers, then hesitated for about a second.
something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith, that the idea would work because he believed in it, since his courage and virility were involved, because it was truly his.
sooner or later, Dolores would crack.
the knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death, and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism.
the next morning, while Dolores was out of the room, he went to her bureau drawer, took out a pair of nylon lace pants, and tenderly dropped them next to his shorts.
the shorts alone remained.
the sound of their amazement.
the tale, he thought, would become less gay.
they breakfasted together, but Martin did not refer to his triumph, and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen, bobbing up and down from the table so that talk was impossible.
they kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations.
to have her underclothes linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd.
to his delight, her eyes focused at once upon the two garments.
we were up to visit them and > **h He had thought her exactly what he wanted.
well, Martin thought, That' ll save.
what to talk about?
when the solution finally came to him, one night while he was in bed, he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before.
with her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth, ready to begin: < it 's a little contest > - Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment.
" I 'm an advertising hustler, I admit, but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere.
" I do n't enjoy family quarrels", Adam said.
" I feel I must answer the question", he said," since the onus later, if any, should fall on me- I do n't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family **h.
" I know what I 'm talking about in that department".
" I rather like the music", Willis replied quietly.
" I should explain: there 's more here for me than advocating my little dream, there 's you.
" all right", William said.
" hear me out, please", William begged.
" it 's absurd, Bill", Freddy said, from a pale face.
" nobody will underwrite it, I 'm telling you", Freddy said.
" nor crazy relatives.
" oh, my God", Ham Richert said," a little child shall lead them.
" thank you".
" there's plenty of risk money", Ham Richert added," but not for anything this risky".
" we 'll be in there swinging", William said," but in a way, sir, you 've got to decide it yourself.
" we 'll try to swing the deal on that basis.
" you 're leading Dad down the garden path".
" your alternative is breathtaking", he said," and, I 'm frank in saying, a bit mad.
" your garden, God damn it"!
I 'll have to call in the brain trust.
I 'm not giving you a chance, Bill, but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance.
I can n't guarantee you a sympathetic audience".
I hate that.
I wish I was younger and less timid **h.
Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon, before the tide changed, still honest and stupid- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again- waiting for < us >, ready-made.
William said.
a silence fell.
are you willing to run the gantlet?
at the meeting, attended by Freddy, Richert, Herberet and the A- Z executive staff, with Mr& Willis presiding, William and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet.
can n't we put an end to this, Arthur"?
financing emerged as the main obstacle.
forgive the hearts and flowers theme".
from shock and incredulity, most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity.
he paused.
he smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together.
he swayed them somewhat, but the debate raged on.
he was surprised and dubious, but impressed by the engineer and the report.
heads instinctively turned in Willis' direction.
if A- Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment, if William could hit precisely the right promotion note, if the money hurdle was not insurmountable **h.
if they follow anyone, it' ll have to be you".
if we can n't raise the capital, we 're through.
let 's make it moonlight and the call of far places and a seduction, at reasonable rates.
look what those little European jobs are doing.
move over, General Motors".
mr& Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum.
nothing has been lost.
sure, Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three.
taking Hamrick with him, William went to Mr& Willis.
their cars were n't small enough, they did n't have the power, they were old-fashioned.
then he caught fire.
they took nearly a month to investigate, marshal statistics, and put their arguments down in black and white.
they tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit.
we 'll woo the consumer with a product, not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight.
we 're here to transact business.
we 've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age.
we 've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery.
we 've got rid of the steam yachts and Georgian houses, and the bloated, too-expensive automobile is next.
well, I can n't resolve this myself.
why not come down smartly in the world, in a chic fashion, with an Allstates-Zenith"?
why will n't you give me a chance"?
you 're up against it anyhow.
you 're- you 're Arthur Willis **h.
you have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours- and, besides, nobody else is going to have the courage.
you must n't take a fall, or publicly back away.
" there 's something here"!
< and here it was!
> by such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion.
I could n't invite Viola to our house, for Mother snobbishly refused to receive her.
I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats.
I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand.
I promised to illustrate the lecture, if they so much as < breathed > till after the call was completed.
I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem, but his agony could have been no greater.
I sat and watched proceedings.
I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted.
I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang, and the girls were upon me instantly.
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me, murmuring endearments.
Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone, claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency.
Viola greeted me, in checked apron, ladle in hand, and explained it was the cook's night out and that she herself was preparing dinner.
Viola had been urged to attend, by telephone, and not knowing the host or the character of the party, she had gone.
Welch was on edge.
Welch was wild with delight.
a dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors- or, even more serious perhaps, that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap. I did not rest until I had tracked the mystery down.
a little later the district attorney woke up, emerged from under the couch, looked at his watch, and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on" The Civic Spirit of the Southland", in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife, as president of the forum, was to preside.
although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains, it was enough.
and it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds;
as Viola sat there, a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and, as a prank, insert rosebuds between the toes.
but Mother insisted, for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts.
but at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society" chi-chi" in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home.
during these first days of the trial I did n't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked.
every new scandal which would provide more" copy" for Marshall's pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch.
he made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off, neatly arranged his hair, and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed.
he never rested until he discovered who the culprit was, and when he did, he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way.
he was bitter and resentful toward her, < personally > resentful.
here 's a household hint: if you can n't find your children, and get tired of calling them, pick up the phone.
his elation grew as Barco 's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another.
however, such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial, that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world, Society, and even, alas, to my own mother.
in fact, it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the < hoi-polloi >.
in the first place, it was difficult for us to meet.
it was apparent that Welch was in cahoots with Marshall and would use his power as D&A& to drag every possible sensation into the case.
it was n't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction.
it went to his head, and his ambition increased.
it would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl!
joking stopped and everyone gathered around.
mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad, and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school.
naturally, Viola had no wish to remain, but she felt she could n't leave so soon after her arrival, in all politeness to her host.
no matter if your children are at the movies, in school, visiting their grandmother, or on a field trip in some distant city, they will be upon you magically within seconds after you pick up the phone.
now did Welch truly become the man of the hour, and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him.
now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values, but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it, which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her.
once there, the D&A& with devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines:" Viola's Multiple Romances"**h" Viola Lake an Addict"**h" Downfall of Another Film Idol"!
one day over a year before, there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel.
said the digger.
she arrived late and as she entered the party, noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority;
somehow managing to get out a cool, poised," Wo n't you hold on a second, please", I covered up the mouthpiece, and with more warmth and less poise, gave a quick lecture on crime and punishment, mostly the latter, including Devil's Island and the remoter reaches of Siberia.
speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller, I resumed my everyday voice.
the air was thick with smoke, empty bottles were in evidence, and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor.
the captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object.
the digger, thrusting about with his shovel, now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderer's Hollywood sport shirts.
the effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined.
the incident, aside from reflecting on Welch's political career, had all but wrecked his home life.
the most that was accomplished was adding Mrs& Beige's tray to the dish pile, and by means of repeated threats, on an ascending scale, seeing that the girls dressed themselves, after a fashion.
then, noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds, he made his way to the Byzantine room and, with his usual dignity, mounted the rostrum.
there was to be roast chicken with dressing, giblet gravy, asparagus, new peas with a sprig of mint, creamed onions, and mashed potatoes- all chosen, prepared, and cooked by Viola herself.
there, Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers ( of beer derivation ), the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ), and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ).
we could n't be seen together, for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names, and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl, no matter how innocent.
well, here it is.
when I arrived at Viola 's I was shown, to my surprise, into the < kitchen >.
while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which, as Fate would have it, belonged to District Attorney Welch.
with quibs and gibes, the policemen again started digging.
" < O Pioneers!
" BANANAS"!
" it is as though", I said on the historic three-hour, coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor, Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows )" That Man in the White House, like some despot of yore, insisted on reading my diary, raiding my larder and ransacking my < lingerie!
" they' re not dessert!
( sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking: if you can n't put garlic in it, put chocolate in it.
) the cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing.
>" I thought, and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier;
>" My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis.
Albert Einstein was quoted as saying:" the workings of the woman's mind amaze me".
Henry Ford spoke of me as" utterly astounding".
Heywood Broun wrote:" Belle Poitrine is the most original thinker since Caligula", and even F&D&R& had to concede that" if the rest of this nation showed the foresight and patriotism of Miss Poitrine, America would rapidly resemble ancient Babylon and Nineveh".
I 'm a stranger in paradise".
I could n't tell one from the other.
I dug around and found a mix, and was able to surprise them with a devil' s-food cake with chocolate icing.
I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court ( 1937 ), Mr& Roosevelt and his" henchmen" had done their" dirty work" all too well, even going so far as to attempt to" pack" the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me.
I made plans for the afternoon- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once, making the beds, and then maybe painting the kitchen.
I never thought I 'd live to hear people chuckle and say" zounds"!
I point now with pride to the fact that, long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities, the Minute Women, the Economic Council and other such notable" watchdog" organizations were so much as heard of, I was Hollywood 's leading bulwark against communism, fighting single-handedly" creeping socialism" against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA, PWA, WPA, CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F&D&R& employed secretly, through the transparent ruse of regular" relief" checks.
I sighed, thinking that among other things, people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than $85,000 yearly;
I was also publicly reprimanded, dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such leftist publications as < The New Republic, The New Yorker, Time > and the < Christian Science Monitor >.
I was ready, like Portia, to present my own brief.
I was, it seemed, < persona non grata > in every quarter, but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence.
I would n't have missed it for anything.
Jennie had shouted each time.
Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in poisoning the courtiers," toadies" and sycophants of the" bench" against me, but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me!
after an unspeakable siege, lasting the better part of two months, it was announced that the studio" owed" the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I, who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris' helpless relict, was" stung" with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to" wipe out" all but a fraction of my poor, hard-come-by savings.
again, my name was on all the front pages.
all were fellows of finite charm.
as Charles Evans Hughes said," Miss Poitrine's limitations as an actress are exceeded only by her logic as a litigant".
becoming aware that it was nearly lunchtime, I brought myself back to the tasks at hand.
but the Supreme Court would n't even < hear > my case!
but what quarter could a poor defenseless woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation?
could such unadulterated love, for a total stranger, be credited?
each had developed a hair-trigger chuckle and the habit of saying" zounds"!
how dared they demand to" snoop" in private financial records, disbursements, confidential contracts and agreements?
in deference to country-squirehood.
in my estimation, they were people who read Daphne du Maurier, and discussed Kafka;
in real life.
it was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional.
like Herbert, they were all in communications: radio, television, magazines, and advertising.
my enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as" reactionary"," robber baroness", and even" traitor"!
my plea was unanimously voted down and" thrown out".
needless to say, I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise.
needless to say, my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period.
nor, as Manny said, had the notoriety done my career" any good".
not only were the court costs prohibitive, but I was subjected to crippling fines, in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid" debts" which the governmen claimed that Metronome and I owed- a severe financial blow.
one or two were writers of books;
people who thought it was nice to be important, but not important to be nice;
people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on" Person to Person";
pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal" Mister".
reverently and raised their eyes, as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka, which they were, because they had no opinions about Kafka, not having read Kafka.
the litigation was costly and seemingly endless.
the savage barbarian hordes of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty Metronome, sacking and despoiling with their Bolshevistic battle cry of" Soak the rich'!
then Jennie closed her eyes, stretched forth her arms, and said:" take my hand, Louise;
then, I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week.
these boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs, while they gazed, misty-eyed with care, into the eyes of the person they were meeting.
they were always leaping to light cigarettes, open car doors, fill plates or glasses, and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves" Sanitary Bake Shops".
they were" sincere"- men of the too-hearty handclasp and the urgent smile.
they were, I felt, people invariably trying to prove not who, but what they were, and trying to determine what, not who, others were.
they' re just something you 're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast".
they' re not even food.
traitor indeed!
well, not < discussed > him exactly, but said," Kafka"!
who were more ingratiating than gracious, more personalities than persons.
" that' ll get you started.
" there", said Mr& Mills.
#24# AT LEAST HE COULD BUY THE equipment for his workshop.
a workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs, but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing did n't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it?
add things as you find you need 'em".
after all, if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that.
after the pegboard there would be the paneling.
and then again perhaps the reason why he could n't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement: reading, roaming, gardening, lying on his back and watching the clouds go by, was because he did n't want to do them.
as a result, life had become a kind of continuous make-ready.
best not to get everything at once.
but then, when you stuck things into the holes, why did n't they come right out again?
could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way, as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with?
did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter, shave, clean out a barn, read a newspaper, than a man of thirty?
did men become perfectionists as they grew older, polishing, polishing, reluctant to let go?
did older people work more slowly?
dogs did something to one's ego.
during all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done.
he also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools, and lumber for his workbench, sandpaper and glue and assorted nails, levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for.
he did n't even ask the cost of this collection.
he had almost forgotten them, although they had played such an important part in his early dreams.
he had made such a fuss about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable.
he looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch.
he piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall.
he sat down on an old box and focused on the problem.
he turned his attention to the workbench.
he turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn.
he was glad.
he went down to Mills and Bradley's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter's tools, including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr& Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling, whatever < they > were.
he would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it.
his dogs?
how did one attach anything to a stone wall, for that matter?
how in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall?
how in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business, raise a family, be on half a dozen boards, work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case?
in front of it would be his workbench.
it all seemed rather hopeless.
it gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments.
it might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives, while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely, like lizards in the sun, too indolent to blink their eyes.
it was five minutes after four.
it was n't his fault that these things were so.
it worried him, this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day.
mr& Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which, properly handled, would, he had assured him, turn into a workbench.
now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture.
on some distant farm a rooster crowed and, far down the valley, an associate answered.
once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention, he could undertake the things which really counted.
or was the answer less metaphysical?
perhaps it was his misfortune, or good fortune, whichever way one looked at it, to belong to the former group, and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none, which was positively antagonistic to it.
perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget.
perhaps that was the first thing to do.
regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be, you could be certain they would never find out- and even if they did it would make no difference.
that was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools.
the difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately.
the old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more, only this time he could n't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away.
then they had always been romping around him on these walks, yelping with delight, dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions, returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws.
then, at last, his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read, or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon, accompanied by his dogs.
there was no compulsion behind them.
they could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn.
they were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys.
this habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting.
thus committed, action might follow.
was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed?
what in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons?
when he returned home, the station wagon loaded with tools, Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village, using the recently purchased second car.
why in the world could n't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to?
you certainly could n't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous breakdowns.
" I 'm terribly upset", she told a girl-friend.
" I fear explanations explanatory of things explained", he said, leaving the biter bit- and bitter.
" I see the girl but I do n't see the car with slacks on"".
" I want the fish served whole, with head and tail", the epicure explained," and serve it with lemon in mouth".
" I wrote Bill in my last letter to forget that I had told him that I did n't mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind- and he seems to have misunderstood me".
" Senator", said an interviewer," your constituents can n't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question".
" good"!
" it took me five hours to write it that way".
" mr& Jones, you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement.
" officials Meet on Rubbish.
" that's silly- lemon in mouth", she said.
" what 's the name of his other leg""?
" while Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night, a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr& Morgan on the public square".
"" do you see that pretty girl standing next to the car with slacks on"?
"" there 's a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith".
a conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor.
a verse familiar to all grammarians is the quatrain:" I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree.
a weekly newspaper reported a local romance:" **h and the couple were married last Saturday, thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays".
after a moment of thought, her mind cleared and, in the interest of clarity, she typed into the record:" shot in the woods".
an item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription, adding:" I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband".
another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician.
another stock vaudeville gag ran:" mother is home sick in bed with the doctor".
apart from journalese and vaudeville gags, the anatomical is also found in jocular literature.
apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese, journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter.
at the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving.
classified ads are also chockfull of < misrelated constructions >.
evidently Bill was another of those men who simply do n't understand women.
he kissed her back.
her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case.
in news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs.
in one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman:" excuse me, but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife 's behind".
in recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline.
it read:" shot in the lumbar region".
journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips.
many Shapes in Bathtubs.
not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that" snapshots must be of a person not larger than **f inches".
not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese.
now can you tell me who was drunk- The man, his wife, or me"?
now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it"?
questions like this, framed in verbal fog, are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician.
readers of the < Reader's Digest > are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips, like the ad in a California paper that advertised" House for rent.
replied the Senator.
samples: he walked in upon her invitation.
she kissed him passionately upon his reappearance.
similarly, when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion, Lincoln refused to make any further statement.
since brevity is the soul of ambiguity as well as wit, newspaper < headlines > continually provide us with amusing samples.
son and Daughter of Local Couple Married".
strangely enough, this always brought the house down.
such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star:" the area in which Miss N- was injured is spectacularly scenic".
the < misplaced modifier > is another species more honored in the observance of obscurity than in the breach.
the double meaning in the anatomical made it a familiar vaudeville device, as in the gags of Weber and Fields.
the maid demurred.
the newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the < anatomical >.
the obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks.
the" wooden-leg" gag of vaudeville, another standby of this sort, had endless variations.
then there was the caterer 's ad which read:" ARE YOU GETTING MARRIED OR HAVING AN AFFAIR?
there are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations.
they recall Byron's classic comment:" I wish he would explain his explanation".
this creates an amusing effect because its position in a sentence seems to make it apply to the wrong word.
this slip is so-called because its semi-ambiguous English always seems to refer to a person's anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say.
view takes in five counties, two bedrooms".
we have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people".
when a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus, he replied," No, it was in the stomach".
when radio came in, it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device.
" I 'll try", I said, and sat for a moment thinking.
" I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers, brought out by non-publishers for non-readers.
" I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy", I told him, at which he started slightly, and then made us each a stiff drink, with a trembling hand.
" I know what you mean", Moreland sighed.
" I seem to remember", he said," that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live.
" I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas, involving clergymen and parishioners, psychiatrists and patients.
" I was wrong", I admitted.
" I woke up this morning", Moreland said," paraphrasing Lewis Carroll.
" I would say depressed, not impressed", I told him.
" Moore and Longfellow did n't have the fate that faces us", Moreland said.
" but you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward.
" can I bear it"?
" comedy did n't die, it just went crazy.
" cryptic", I said.
" do you think we need a new Henry James to re-explore the Anglo-American scene"?
" if we cannot tell evil, horror, and insanity from nonsense, what is the future of humor and comedy"?
" it does n't drown out the dialogue", I explained.
" just barely", he said, and repeated his paraphrase:" the time has come", the walrus said," To speak of manic things, Of shots and shouts, and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings".
" last year your Tennessee Williams told our Dilys Powell, in a television program, that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart.
" let 's talk about books", Moreland said.
" oh yes, the other day I reread some of Emerson's < English Traits, > and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany, more than a hundred years ago.
" one day our species promises co-existence, and the next day it threatens co-extinction".
" or perhaps a new Noe^l Coward"?
" speaking of nonism: the other day, in a story about a sit-down demonstration, the Paris < Herald Tribune > wrote, ' The non-violence became noisier '.
" the heart", I said finally," is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes.
" there is non-fiction and non non-fiction", I said.
" they require, for existence, a brave spirit and a high heart, and where do you find these?
" we no longer have Tom Moore's and Longfellow's ' heart for any fate ', either", I said.
" what 's the matter with the music"?
" what has impressed you most on your present visit"?
" you have visited England five times in the past quarter-century, I believe", my host said.
I 'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky, or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils.
I CALLED the other afternoon on my old friend, Graves Moreland, the Anglo-American literary critic- his mother was born in Ohio- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs, raising hell and peacocks, the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing, such as human stature, hope, and humor.
I asked, taking a final gulp of my drink, and handing him the empty glass.
I myself hear it said constantly- in drawing-rooms.
I stood up and began pacing.
I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink, and said," I admit that going back to Ralph Waldo Emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy".
Moreland asked, grimly.
Moreland asked.
Moreland fixed us each another drink, and said," For God's sake, tell me something truly amusing".
a bee's place is in the hive".
after Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World, for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism, Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said:" I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum, or how far it can fly.
and then Eichmann was quoted as saying, in non-English, that Hitler's plan to exterminate the Jews was nonsense".
did you go to their funeral"?
do you want to hear the paraphrase"?
foreigners this way'!
he asked.
in our present era of Science and < Angst, > the heart has been downgraded, to use one of our popular retrogressive verbs".
in the railway station at Berlin, a uniformed attendant was chanting, ' Foreigners this way!
in them, there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems, worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire".
is it all non-fiction"?
it has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate.
it is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political arenas from the modern theatre".
it is manic as a man".
like almost everybody else, he confused the heart, both as organ and as symbol, with the disturbed psyche, the deranged glands, and the jumpy central nervous system.
my unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed, momentum, weightlessness, or distance from earth, but is a matter of the development of the human mind.
one woman- she could have been either English or American- went up to him and said, ' But < you > are the foreigners '".
the < Zeitgeist > is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare;
the sentimental pure heart of Galahad is gone with the knightly years, but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks".
there are even publications called < Sick > and < Mad >.
there was a long silence.
we now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes, magazines known as Horror Comics, and sick comedians.
we sat for a while drinking in silence.
when it was worn in the breast, or even on the sleeve, we at least knew where it was".
" I 'm General Burnside's horse, upside down", Arlene said, sort of gaspingly, for her: even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position.
" imagine being able to laugh and wink when you 're like the top part of that picture frame at home", one of them said.
" is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal"?
" just you wait", advised Arlene, echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie.
" just you wait", said Arlene again, as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement.
" never mind", Arlene had said, after the policeman had left, having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups.
" never mind.
" not the least bit", Arlene snapped.
" now", said Arlene, eventually, making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak, the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable.
" now, we 're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of".
" that 's the General's horse", one of them cried out.
" this is a warm-up".
" this time", Arlene said, and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking," < you 're > going to tell me what I am and what I 'm doing.
" what is it"?
< he 's old >".
Arlene had a hard voice, too, this time.
Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area;
Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said," Yes, sir".
I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn".
and she would wink and throw kisses.
and so they were consistently true to their principles.
and they had told their mother about the tumbles.
and when they had got to their little lawn, they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time.
asked one of the children.
asked the children, whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable.
but it was even funnier after they had been told.
but not General Burnside.
but not hard for very long.
but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry, and she said," If it was n't for these dear children"-.
but they kept on clapping for a long, long time.
but this is a public park and it 's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on".
first, Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults.
he never could keep still, even when he did n't move his feet.
he was the funniest man.
his legs shook, and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders.
in matters of exact information, that kept her one step behind developments;
it all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse".
it was General Burnside's horse running in a circle.
just long enough to make you feel important.
maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene.
one of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously, particularly your very, very serious questions.
she held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked.
she made General Burnside's horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down.
she would sometimes even get a little hard on you, she took you so seriously.
that had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred.
the children looked at each other and sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever.
the first one said," He sure does shake.
the other remarked, in a happy laughter," That 's a funny old horse".
the policeman got a confused, funny look on his face, and he had answered kind of politely," Now, look here, lady: I know you got to entertain these kids and all.
the policeman walked on, but he looked back once.
the policeman's eyes rather popped for a second;
their curiosity went happily out of bounds.
their father, when he came back from those many business trips, just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox.
then there was the General kissing his wife.
then, < they > had to get up and be General Burnside.
then, Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful.
then, she was back on her feet, winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ).
they both laughed and winked back.
they both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time, but it made < their > lips and eyelids tremble.
they could tell exactly what it was.
they had protested that < that > was n't any surprise.
they had to be told that one.
this time, it was so grand;
those were especially the ones that all other grownups laughed at loudest.
" no", he said.
" say that again", she pleaded.
" tell Mr& Gorboduc what you 're doing these days", my mother advised the children, ceremonially.
" tell me- what do you do at the park"?
" we bump", one said;
" we do n't".
" we go to the park with this nice lady", one of them said.
" we grind, too", he said.
" we have good times".
" you < do >"?
" you do n't step on the flowers, do you?
" you what"?
" you what"?
#@# { PUERI AQUAM DE SILVAS AD AGRICOLAS PORTANT }, a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome.
#@# { THE ALBANY CIVIC OPERA's } presentation of Spumoni's immortal < Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino >, with guest contralto Hattie Sforzt.
#@# { THE DHARMA DICTIONARY }, a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with Eurasian proto-senility cults.
Marcellus, the hero, is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood.
a dead armadillo, the sole occupant of the stage, symbolizes the crisis and destruction of the Old Order.
according to the myth, Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right, but director Shuz skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss Arapacis walk across the stage.
after a" busy" overture, the curtain rises on a farm scene- the Ranavan Valley in northern Maine.
an unusual, if not extraordinary, rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U&S& Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of" Hubba hubba" and" Yalagaloo pip pip"!
and the other went on to development of the idea.
but this time she was nervous: she was open.
but, at the beginning, this stayed just in the air.
eh"?
he asked, between wheezes of laughter.
he asked.
he at once cancels the celebrations and, buckling on his scimitar, stumbles blindly from the house, where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart.
he liked children, in a loathsome kind of way;
he read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people.
he was forced to wipe his eyes.
he was so long thinking that my mother had time to inspect her sherry for dregs.
he was very funny about the whole thing.
he would not look up.
mr& Gorboduc looked down.
mr& Gorboduc took a swig of his sherry.
mr& Gorboduc was finally in command of his mind again.
my mother was beside herself with curiosity.
my uncle looked at Mr& Gorboduc.
old Order, acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis, the lovely Serbantian import, then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus, whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests, symbolizing Love, Lust, Prudence and General Motors, respectively.
one of the children maneuvered out of range of the poking index finger.
only, unfortunately, he could not remove from his voice a nagging insinuation of the direct command.
possibly, the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration.
she could see that Mr& Gorboduc was intrigued;
she laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass.
she was rollickingly happy.
suddenly, a messenger arrives and, just before collapsing dead at his feet, informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia, the home province of his affianced.
the children loathed him, too.
the hostess in her took over.
the night < we > saw it, a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo, complaining- in ad-lib- that" it smelled".
the story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday, as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow.
the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment.
there had been some coconut in it, for I remember my mother 's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver.
there was an air of revolt about the children- even irreverence for their own principles.
they were pushed gently into the room by Arlene- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door.
this could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing, a horselike balkiness of demeanor.
this evening, they were pushed in from the breakfast room, with odds and ends of dessert distributed over them.
this happy bulletin convulsed Mr& Gorboduc.
this nettled the children into the revelation of exact truth, a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people, but a victory in the wide fields of perpetration and illegitimate accomplishment.
this was delivered in a forthright way, without coyness and over-pretended interest- an admirable way with children.
usually, this was done when attention was diverted by someone else's long, boring story.
we caught the early train to New York.
we had just sat down.
when he had left, I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles, laughingly, with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action, not bothering to look.
" no divinity will hold still for that.
" now he 's bought it", said my wife contentedly.
'fess up- do n't you?
I learned, for example, that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and, in winter, of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet.
a couple of years back, I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of niche called a" coffin turn".
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer, but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack.
after a while, we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it.
all this, though, is simply a prelude, a curtain-raiser, for what ensues, and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it.
and how right she was.
any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances, and I 'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience, but, for the moment, let 's resume our catalogue.
as you 've doubtless forgotten the circumstances in the press of more recent depredations, permit me to recapitulate them briefly.
but it is the wooden sculpture from Bali, the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish, that I particularly call to your attention.
eight or ten years ago, a couple of French hoods stole a priceless Khmer head from the Musee Guimet, in Paris, and a week later crawled into the Salpetriere with unmistakable symptoms of leprosy.
evenings, he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like Enrico + Paglieri's or Peter's Backyard drunkenly donning ladies' hats and singing" O Sole Mio".
first of all, the six figures of the Buddha you heisted- four Siamese heads, a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position, and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base.
fourteen of the sculptures you took posses properties of a most curious and terrifying nature, as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches.
from the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath, you abstracted seventeen ivory, metal, wood, and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin, two snuffboxes, and a jade-handled magnifying glass.
furthermore- and this, to me, strikes an especially warming note- it shall avail the vandals naught to throw away or dispose of their loot.
hastening to the attic, the temperature of which was easily hotter than the Gold Coast, you proceeded to mask the windows with a fancy wool coverlet, some khaki pants, and the like, and to ransack the innumerable boxes and barrels stored there.
have you ever heard of thuggee?
he 's really asking for it".
hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment;
his energy was prodigious;
hold on tight.
if, however, it would help to intensify your anguish, I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you 've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance.
in it was a stone Tibetan Buddha I had picked up in Bombay, and occasionally, to make merit, my wife and I garlanded it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap.
in short, and to borrow an arboreal phrase, slash timber.
in that case, listen to what befell another wisenheimer who tangled with our joss.
in time, these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce, riddling you with frambesia, the king's evil, sheep rot, and clonic spasm, until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release.
inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese, a dialect I take it you do n't comprehend.
likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a" doctor lady" ( provenance Honan );
my object, rather, is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you, far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict.
neither do I, but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate, and I 'll do as much for you.
now, you no doubt regard the preceding as pap;
now, you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord Buddha is the most compassionate of the gods, much more so than Jehovah and Allah and the rest.
nuf sed **h.
oddly enough, this is an amulet against housebreakers, presented to the < mem > and me by a local rajah in 1949.
one morning, we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap.
our suspicions eventually centered, by the process of elimination, on a grocer's boy, a thoroughly bad hat, who delivered cartons to the people overhead.
quite candidly, fellows, I would n't be in your shoes for all the rice in China.
rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby, you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood, which, along with two box Kodaks, you added to your haul.
so much for the tiresome facts, as familiar to you, I 'm sure, as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake.
sometime on Saturday evening, August 22nd, while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell' Orso, in Rome, you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and let yourselves into the premises.
sometimes he would be up before dawn, clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us, and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws.
sort of remorseless, is n't it?
still, there it is.
the cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours, and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation.
the foregoing, aided by several clues I 'll withhold to keep you on your toes, will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert, but before they close in, gird yourselves, I repeat, for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless.
the more I probed into this young man's activities and character, the less savory I found him.
the next time we saw him, he was a changed person;
the teeth will rain from his mouth like pebbles, his wife will make him < cocu > with fishmongers, and a trolley car will grow in his stomach.
the three Indian brass deities, though- Ganessa, Siva, and Krishna- are an altogether different cup of tea.
then, having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on, you lammed out the front door, considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover.
they expired amid indescribable fantods, imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration.
they hail from Travancore, a state in the subcontinent where Kali, the goddess of death, is worshiped.
very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers.
well, ordinarily he is, < except > ( as the Wheel of the Law specifies ) toward impious folk who steal, disturb, or maltreat the Presence.
well, the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who could n't retaliate, and in due course, as was inevitable, overreached himself.
what you were looking for ( unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens ) eludes me, but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed-oak Victrola, you danced two tangos and a < paso doble, > which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu.
whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead, as a dealer in Khartoum assured me, I am not competent to say.
whosoever violates our rooftree, the legend states, can expect maximal sorrow.
you 're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods, gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like < U^bermenschen >.
you have unwittingly set in motion forces so malign, so vindictive, that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them.
you then descended one story, glommed a television set from the music room- the only constructive feature of your visit, by the way- and, returning to the ground floor, entered the master bedroom.
